= An official website of the United States government Here's how you know

| National Security Agency/Central security Service About PressRoom Careers History Search NSA

HOME > PRESS ROOM > PRESS RELEASES & STATEMENTS > PRESS RELEASE VIEW

PRESS RELEASE | Feb. 8, 2016

NSA21: Facing Threats to the
Nation and Future Challenges with
Innovation, Integration, and a Focus
on Talent

The National Security Agency has launched
a comprehensive campaign to ensure NSA

maintains its position as the world's NSA?’
preeminent foreign signals intelligence and

information assurance organization. The vision and framework for this

initiative, known as NSA21 - meaning NSA in the 21st Century - was

unveiled to the Agency on Feb. 4 by ADM Michael S. Rogers, Director,
ational Security Agency.

SA21 is the result of an effort by the NSA workforce who, together with
he Agency's leaders at all levels, collectively sought to answer a critical
question ADM Rogers asked early in his tenure: "How do we ensure the
same or higher level of success five to ten years into the future?" Foreign
hreats to our national security are complex and evolving. As it has done
hroughout its history, NSA regularly assesses its processes and
structure to make sure the Agency is optimized to defend the nation. In
other words, NSA is always dedicated to staying ahead of current and
anticipated threats.

The launch of NSA21 is the beginning of a forward-leaning, decisive
response. It is a two-year plan to position the Agency to meet
increasingly complicated challenges stemming from the proliferation of
asymmetric threats to national security, the rapid evolution of the global
communications network, fast-growing demand for NSA‘s products and
services, and the continuing evolution of our cyber mission.

Drawing on the results of workforce surveys, focus groups, and hundreds
of interviews with internal and external stakeholders, NSA21 centers on
three key themes:

¢ People - Our workforce is our most important asset. We will invest in
and enhance career-development and leadership programs.

e Integration - To achieve mission success, NSA21 will ensure we
continue to operate as a cohesive global enterprise. As our workforce
evolves, so will the way we build a keen sense of unity at NSA in order
to allow each and every employee to strongly identify with the Agency
and its mission.

e Innovation - It has been in NSA‘s DNA since our founding 63 years ago.
We will harness the innovative spirit of our world-class workforce to
overcome current and future mission challenges.

Six new directorates, taking shape over the coming months, will provide a
renewed operating framework and address the three themes and
implement related initiatives. The directorates are in the areas of
Workforce and Support Activities, Business Management and
Acquisition, Engagement and Policy, Operations, Capabilities, an
Research. NSA‘s core missions of foreign signals intelligence an
information assurance remain unchanged.

Q

Q

The "new structure will enable us to consolidate capabilities and talents
o ensure that we're using all of our resources to maximum effect to
accomplish our mission, and to make sure that each of you has the
opportunity to grow and develop in your career at NSA," ADM Rogers said
in his workforce address.

Thwarting terrorists.

Enhancing cybersecurity.

Protecting the warfighter.

Containing, controlling, and protecting strategic weapons.

At NSA,

t's an around-the-clock mission. And it is not getting any easier.

The Agency is embarking on this comprehensive, integrated campaign to
be primed for success over the next decade and beyond. "A chance like
this, to take part in building something this important, doesn't come
along every day. | feel privileged to be working on it with you. I'm excited
about the possibilities that NSA21 will open for us as we move forward,’
ADM Rogers said as he wrapped up his message to the workforce.

2016 nsa21 innovation integration People talent threats
campaign

NSA.GOV CULTURE HELPFUL LINKS RESOURCES RELATED LINKS
About Core Values NSA Freedom of Information Act Classified Materiel Conversion DNI.gov

Privacy Act Requests Commercial Solutions for Def
Classified Program (CSfC) erense.gov

Cryptographic Support Services IC on the Record

Leadership Operating Authorities

Cybersecurity Collaboration Civil Liberties, Privacy, & Request a Speaker

Center Transparency Office p blication Revi
Notional Cryptoloate Museum republication Review Media Destruction Guidance Intelligence.gov

Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, &

Contact NSA Accessibility Media Inquiry NSA Open Source

Accessibility General Counsel Frequently Asked Questions NSA Exhibit Roadshow

ABA Notice NSA Inspector General

Site Policies

Privacy & Security Links Disclaimer Section508 WebPolicy Plain WritingAct DODIG NoFEARAct ImageryUse FOIA OpenGOV_ Strategic Plan USA.gov Small Business Act Site Map

Hosted by Defense Media Activity - WEB.mil
