& An official website of the United States government Here's how you know

i | National Security Agency/Central security Service About PressRoom Careers History Search NSA

i

HOME > PRESS ROOM > PRESS RELEASES & STATEMENTS > PRESS RELEASE VIEW
PRESS RELEASE | Aug. 9, 2013

The National Security Agency:
Missions, Authorities, Oversight and
Partnerships

"That's why, in the years to come, we will have to keep working hard to
strike the appropriate balance between our need for security and
preserving those freedoms that make us who we are. That means
reviewing the authorities of law enforcement, so we can intercept new
types of communication, but also build in privacy protections to prevent
abuse."

--President Obama, May 23, 2013

n his May 2013 address at the National Defense University, the President
made clear that we, as a Government, need to review the surveillance
authorities used by our law enforcement and intelligence community
professionals so that we can collect information needed to keep us safe
and ensure that we are undertaking the right kinds of privacy protections
O prevent abuse. In the wake of recent unauthorized disclosures about
some of our key intelligence collection programs, President Obama has
directed that as much information as possible be made public, while
mindful of the need to protect sources, methods and national security.
Acting under that guidance, the Administration has provided enhanced
ransparency on, and engaged in robust public discussion about, key
intelligence collection programs undertaken by the National Security
Agency (NSA). This is important not only to foster the kind of debate the
President has called for, but to correct inaccuracies that have appeared in
he media and elsewhere. This document is a step in that process, and is
aimed at providing a succinct description of NSA‘s mission, authorities,
oversight and partnerships.

Prologue

After the al-Qa'ida attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon,
he 9/11 Commission found that the U.S. Government had failed to
identify and connect the many "dots" of information that would have
uncovered the planning and preparation for those attacks. We now know
hat 9/11 hijacker Khalid al-Midhar, who was on board American Airlines
flight 77 that crashed into the Pentagon, resided in California for the first
six months of 2000. While NSA had intercepted some of Midhar's
conversations with persons in an al-Qa'ida safe house in Yemen during
hat period, NSA did not have the U.S. phone number or any indication
hat the phone Midhar was using was located in San Diego. NSA did not
have the tools or the database to search to identify these connections
and share them with the FBI. Several programs were developed to
address the U.S. Government's need to connect the dots of information
available to the intelligence community and to strengthen the
coordination between foreign intelligence and domestic law enforcement
agencies.

Background

SA is an element of the U.S. intelligence community charged with
collecting and reporting intelligence for foreign intelligence and
counterintelligence purposes. NSA performs this mission by engaging in
he collection of "signals intelligence," which, quite literally, is the
production of foreign intelligence through the collection, processing, and
analysis of communications or other data, passed or accessible by radio,
wire, or other electromagnetic means. Every intelligence activity NSA
undertakes is necessarily constrained to these central foreign intelligence
nd counterintelligence purposes. NSA‘s challenge in an increasingly
erconnected world -- a world where our adversaries make use of the
ame communications systems and services as Americans and our
ies - is to find and report on the communications of foreign

elligence value while respecting privacy and civil liberties. We do not
need to sacrifice civil liberties for the sake of national security - both are
integral to who we are as Americans. NSA can and will continue to
conduct its operations in a manner that respects both. We strive to
achieve this through a system that is carefully designed to be consistent
with Authorities and Controls and enabled by capabilities that allow us to
Collect, Analyze, and Report intelligence needed to protect national
security.

a
n
S
a
n

SA Mission

SA‘s mission is to help protect national security by providing policy
makers and military commanders with the intelligence information they
need to do their jobs. NSA's priorities are driven by externally developed
and validated intelligence requirements, provided to NSA by the
President, his national security team, and their staffs through the
ational Intelligence Priorities Framework.

SA Collection Authorities

SA‘s collection authorities stem from two key sources: Executive Order
12333 and the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (FISA).

Executive Order 12333

Executive Order 12333 is the foundational authority by which NSA
collects, retains, analyzes, and disseminates foreign signals intelligence
information. The principal application of this authority is the collection of
communications by foreign persons that occur wholly outside the United
States. To the extent a person located outside the United States
communicates with someone inside the United States or someone inside
he United States communicates with a person located outside the
United States those communications could also be collected. Collection
pursuant to EO 12333 is conducted through various means around the
globe, largely from outside the United States, which is not otherwise
egulated by FISA. Intelligence activities conducted under this authority
are carried out in accordance with minimization procedures established
by the Secretary of Defense and approved by the Attorney General.

To undertake collections authorized by EO 12333, NSA uses a variety of
methodologies. Regardless of the specific authority or collection source,
SA applies the process described below.

1. NSA identifies foreign entities (persons or organizations) that have
information responsive to an identified foreign intelligence
requirement. For instance, NSA works to identify individuals who may

belong to a terrorist network.
2. NSA develops the "network" with which that person or organization's
information is shared or the command and control structure through
which it flows. In other words, if NSA is tracking a specific terrorist,
NSA will endeavor to determine who that person is in contact with, and
who he is taking direction from.
3. NSA identifies how the foreign entities communicate (radio, e-mail,
telephony, etc.)
4. NSA then identifies the telecommunications infrastructure used to
transmit those communications.
5. NSA identifies vulnerabilities in the methods of communication used to
transmit them.
6. NSA matches its collection to those vulnerabilities, or develops new

capabilities to acquire communications of interest if needed.

