= An official website of the United States government Here's how you know

| National Security Agency/Central security Service About PressRoom Careers History Search NSA

HOME > PRESS ROOM > PRESS RELEASES & STATEMENTS > PRESS RELEASE VIEW

PRESS RELEASE | April 28, 2017

NSA Stops Certain Section 702
"Upstream" Activities

Since 2008, the National Security Agency (NSA) and other members of
he U.S. Intelligence Community have relied on Section 702 of the Foreign
ntelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) to conduct surveillance on specific
foreign targets located outside the United States to acquire critical
intelligence on issues ranging from international terrorism to
cybersecurity. After a comprehensive review of mission needs, current
echnological constraints, United States person privacy interests, and
certain difficulties in implementation, NSA has decided to stop some of
its activities conducted under Section 702.

While the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court (FISC) was considering
he government's annual application to renew the Section 702

ifications, NSA reported several earlier, inadvertent compliance
incidents related to queries involving U.S. person information in 702
upstream” internet collection. Although the incidents were not willful,

SA was required to, and did, report them to both Congress and the

. The court issued two extensions of the government's renewal
application in order to receive additional information from the
government about this issue and the government's plan to resolve it. The
previous year's certifications remained in effect during these extension
periods.

Q
oO
s

T
n
oO

During the extension period, NSA undertook a broad review of its Section
702 program. Under Section 702, NSA collects internet communications
in two ways: "downstream (previously referred to as PRISM) and
“upstream.” Under downstream collection, NSA acquires
communications "to or from" a Section 702 selector (Such as an email
address). Under upstream collection, NSA acquires communications "to,
from, or about" a Section 702 selector. An example of an "about" email
communication is one that includes the targeted email address in the
text or body of the email, even though the email is between two persons
who are not themselves targets. The independent Privacy and Civi
Liberties Oversight Board described these collection methods in an
exhaustive report published in 2014.

After considerable evaluation of the program and available technology,
NSA has decided that its Section 702 foreign intelligence surveillance

activities will no longer include any upstream internet communications
that are solely "about" a foreign intelligence target. Instead, this
surveillance will now be limited to only those communications that are
directly to’ or "from" a foreign intelligence target. These changes are
designed to retain the upstream collection that provides the greatest
value to national security while reducing the likelihood that NSA wi
acquire communications of U.S. persons or others who are not in direct

contact with one of the Agency's foreign intelligence targets.

n addition, as part of this curtailment, NSA will delete the vast majority of
previously acquired upstream internet communications as soon as
practicable.

SA previously reported that, because of the limits of its current
echnology, it is unable to completely eliminate "about" communications
from its upstream 702 collection without also excluding some of the
elevant communications directly "to or from" its foreign intelligence
argets. That limitation remains even today. Nonetheless, NSA has
determined that in light of the factors noted, this change is a responsible
and careful approach at this time.

After reviewing amended Section 702 certifications and NSA procedures
that implement these changes, the FISC recently issued an opinion and
order, approving the renewal certifications and use of procedures, which
authorize this narrowed form of Section 702 upstream internet collection.
A declassification review of the FISC's opinion and order, and the related
argeting and minimization procedures, is underway.

The National Security Agency works tirelessly around the world to help
eep the nation safe. We have a solemn responsibility and commitment
o do this work exactly right. When incidents occur, we immediately
eport them to oversight bodies and develop appropriate solutions. We
never stop putting improvements in place while carrying out our critical
mission.

statement PRISM privacy surveillance FISA 702 Foreign
Intelligence Surveillance Act Court Section 702 downstream stop
stopping upstream CLPO civil liberties 2017

NSA.GOV CULTURE HELPFUL LINKS RESOURCES RELATED LINKS
About Core Values NSA Freedom of Information Act Classified Materiel Conversion DNI.gov

Privacy Act Requests Commercial Solutions for Def
Classified Program (CSfC) erense.gov

Cryptographic Support Services IC on the Record

Leadership Operating Authorities

Cybersecurity Collaboration Civil Liberties, Privacy, & Request a Speaker

Center Transparency Office p blication Revi
Notional Cryptoloate Museum republication Review Media Destruction Guidance Intelligence.gov

Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, &

Contact NSA Accessibility Media Inquiry NSA Open Source

Frequently Asked Questions

Accessibility General Counsel NSA Exhibit Roadshow

ABA Notice NSA Inspector General

Site Policies

Ye
Privacy & Security Links Disclaimer Section508 WebPolicy Plain WritingAct DODIG NoFEARAct ImageryUse FOIA OpenGOV_ Strategic Plan USA.gov Small Business Act Site Map f y in EY

Hosted by Defense Media Activity - WEB.mil
