& An official website of the United States government Here's how you know

; | National Security Agency/Central Security Service About PressRoom Careers _ History Search NSA

HOME > PRESS ROOM > PRESS RELEASES & STATEMENTS > PRESS RELEASE VIEW

PRESS RELEASE | March 20, 2014

Remarks by Mr. Richard H. Ledgett,
Jr., Deputy Director, National
Security Agency, at TED Talks 2014
Conference

United States Department of Defense
Interview with Richard Ledgett, J4.
TED Moderator Chris Anderson
Washington, D.C.

Wednesday, March 20, 2014

R. ANDERSON: We had Edward Snowden here a couple days ago and
his is response time. And several of you have written to me with
questions to ask our guest here today from the NSA. So Richard Ledgett
is the 15th Deputy Director of the National Security Agency and he's the
senior civilian officer there, acts as its Chief Operating Officer guiding
strategies, setting internal policies and serving as principal advisor to the
Director. And all being well, welcome Rick Ledgett to TED.

Applause

R. LEDGETT: I'm really thankful for the opportunity to talk to folks here.
look forward to the conversation. Thanks for arranging for that.

R. ANDERSON: Thank you Rick, we appreciate you joining us, it's
certainly quite a strong statement that the NSA is willing to reach out and
show a more open face here. You saw, | think, the talk and interview
Edward Snowden gave a few days ago. What did you make of it?

R. LEDGETT: So | think it was interesting, it was ... we didn't realize that
he was going to show up there so kudos to you guys for arranging a nice
surprise like that. | think that like a lot of the things that have come out
since Mr. Snowden starting disclosing classified information, there were
some kernels of truth in there but a lot extrapolations and half-truths in
here and I'm interested in helping to address those. | think this is a really
important conversation that we're having in the United States and
internationally and | think it is important and of import and so given that
we need to have that be a fact based conversation and we want to help
make that happen.

R. ANDERSON: So, the question that a lot of people have is what do you
make of Snowden's motivations for doing what he did and did he have an
alternative way he could have gone?

R. LEDGETT: He absolutely did have alternatives, ways he could have
gone and | actually think that characterizing him as a whistleblower
actually hurts legitimate whistleblowing activities. So what if somebody
who works in NSA and there are over 35,000 who do, they are all great
citizens, they are like your husbands, fathers, sisters, brothers, neighbors,
friends and relatives, all who are interested in doing the right thing for
their country and for our allies internationally. And so there are a variety
of venues to address if folks have a concern. First off there's their
supervisor and up through the supervisory chain within their
organization. If folks aren't comfortable with that there are a number of
nspectors General. In the case of Mr. Snowden, he had the option of the
SA Inspector General, the Navy Inspector General, the Pacific Command
nspector General, the Department of Defense Inspector General, and the
ntelligence Community Inspector General, any of whom would have both
ept his concerns in classified channels and been happy to address
hem.

R. ANDERSON: He has said sir, that working as a contractor

R. LEDGETT: He had options to go to the Congressional committees
and there are mechanisms to do that that are in place so he didn't do any
of those things.

R. ANDERSON: Now, you had said that Ed Snowden had other avenues
for raising his concerns. The come back on that is a couple things, one,
hat he certainly believes that as a contractor, the avenues that would
have been available to him as an employee weren't available, two, you
now, that there's a track record of other whistle blowers like Drake and
Drake being treated pretty harshly by some views. And thirdly, what he
was taking on was not one specific kind of flaw that he had discovered,
but programs that had been approved by all three branches of
government. | mean, in that circumstance, couldn't you argue that what
he did was reasonable?

R. LEDGETT: No, | don't agree with that. | think that the -- his -- sorry, I'm
getting feedback through the microphone there. The actions that he took
were inappropriate because of the fact that he put peoples' lives at risk,
basically, in the long run, and | know there's been a lot of talk in the public
by Mr. Snowden and some of the journalists that say that the things that
have been disclosed have not put national security and people at risk,
and that is categorically not true, they actually do.

think there's also an amazing arrogance to the idea that he knows better
han the framers of the Constitution in how the government should be
designed and work for separation of powers and the fact that the
executive and the judicial or the executive and the legislative branch have
o work together and they have checks and balances on each other, and
hen the judicial branch, which oversees the entire process, | think that's
extremely arrogant on his part.

R. ANDERSON: Can you give a specific example of how he put peoples
ives at risk?

R. LEDGETT: Yeah, sure. So, the things that he's disclosed, the
capabilities, and NSA is a capabilities-based organization, so when we
have foreign intelligence targets, legitimate things of interest, like
errorists is the iconic example, but it includes things like human
raffickers, drug traffickers, people who are trying to build, you know,
advanced weaponry, nuclear weapons and build delivery systems for
hose, and nation states who might be executing aggression against their
immediate neighbors, which you may have some visibility in some of that
hat's going on right now, the capabilities are applied in a very discreet
and measured and controlled ways. So, the unconstrained disclosure of
hose capabilities means that as adversaries see them and recognize,
hey, | might be vulnerable to this, they move away from that.

And we have seen targets in terrorism, in the nation state area, in
smugglers of various types and other folks who have, because of the
disclosures, moved away from our ability to have insight into what they're
doing. The net effect of that is that our people, who are overseas in
dangerous places, whether they're diplomats or military, and our allies
who are in similar situations, are at greater risk because we don't see the
hreats that are coming their way.

R. ANDERSON: So, that's a general response saying that because of his
evelations, access that you had to certain types of information has been
shut down, has been closed down, but that presumes -- | mean, the
concern is that the nature of that access was not necessarily legitimate
in the first place. | mean, describe to us this bull run program where it's
alleged that the NSA specifically weakened security in order to get the

