An official website of the United States government Here's how you know

National Security Agency/Central security Service About PressRoom Careers History Search NSA

HOME > PRESS ROOM > PRESS RELEASES & STATEMENTS > PRESS RELEASE VIEW

PRESS RELEASE | April 27, 2018

NSA'‘s GenCyber Gears Up for Its
Hottest Summer Yet

FORT MEADE, Md. —
The National Security Agency (NSA) and the National Science Foundation
(NSE) announced today that the 2018 GenCyber summer camp program

kicks off at institutions around the country this May.

GenCyber is jointly funded by the NSA and the NSF and provides
cybersecurity education and awareness to students and teachers at the
K-12 levels. As a crucial component in building the nation's cybersecurity
talent base, GenCyber objectives have always been simple: to help all
students understand correct and safe online behavior, increase interest in
cybersecurity and diversity in the cybersecurity workforce, and to improve
teaching methods for delivering cybersecurity content in the K-12
curriculum. GenCyber is free for all campers.

"The world we live in is driven by online technology. It is imperative that
we teach children as soon as possible how to be safe online. GenCyber is
a critical program that teaches students to be safe online and exposes
them to the endless career opportunities available in the STEM (science,
technology, engineering and mathematics)/Cybersecurity field," said Tina
Ladabouche, GenCyber Program Manager.

GenCyber offers three camp types: student, teacher, and combination.
Student camps are designed to increase interest in the field of
cybersecurity. Teacher camps equip K-12 teachers with the knowledge
and skills to implement cybersecurity lessons in their own schools
systems. Combination camps provide a unique opportunity for the
teachers to receive pedagogical training and opportunities for practicum
experiences.

The program continues to grow rapidly. Launched in 2014 offering 8
camps, it will hold over 140 camps in 2018 at 84 different institutions in
43 states (plus Washington D.C. and Puerto Rico). Camps begin this May
and will run through August. Visit www.gen-cyber.com for more
information on how to register. Follow NSA on Twitter @NSAGov and on
Facebook for the latest about NSA.

2018 GenCyber NSA NSF summer Camp Cyber STEM

NSA.GOV CULTURE HELPFUL LINKS RESOURCES RELATED LINKS
About Core Values NSA Freedom of Information Act Classified Materiel Conversion DNI.gov

. . a: Privacy Act Requests Commercial Solutions for
Leadership Operating Authorities Y q Classified Program (CSfC) Defense.gov

Cybersecurity Collaboration Civil Liberties, Privacy, & Request a Speaker

Center Cryptographic Support Services IC on the Record

\Meisioeiteinesy Ones Prepublication Review

National Cryptologic Museum Media Destruction Guidance Intelligence.gov

Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, & ;
Contact NSA Accessibility Media Inquiry NSA Open Source

Accessibility General Counsel Frequently Asked Questions NSA Exhibit Roadshow

ABA Notice NSA Inspector General

Site Policies

Privacy & Security Links Disclaimer Section508 WebPolicy Plain WritingAct DODIG NoFEARAct ImageryUse FOIA OpenGOV_ Strategic Plan USA.gov Small Business Act Site Map

Hosted by Defense Media Activity - WEB.mil
