An official website of the United States government Here's how you know

National Security Agency/Central security Service About PressRoom Careers History Search NSA

HOME > PRESS ROOM > PRESS RELEASES & STATEMENTS > PRESS RELEASE VIEW

PRESS RELEASE | Oct. 29, 2015

Five Cryptologists Added to
NSA/CSS Cryptologic Hall of Honor

FORTE MEADE, Md. -

Five "cryptologic greats" were inducted into the NSA/CSS Cryptologic Hall
of Honor today at the National Cryptologic Museum (NCM). ADM Michael
S. Rogers, Commander, U.S. Cyber Command, Director, National Security
Agency/Chief, Central Security Service presided over the ceremony and
highlighted the distinguished achievements of each of the inductees:

¢ Mr. Ralph W. Adams, Jr.: A superb Vietnamese language analyst and an
extraordinary manager and mentor of linguists who rose to the
Agency's second highest civilian position as Executive Director. He was
a champion of diversity at NSA who recognized the importance of
equality in the workforce.
Mr. Charles R. Lord: A strategic leader and visionary innovator who
shaped NSA policies and practices that led the Agency through the
Cold War. He improved and developed relationships across the
Intelligence Community and with foreign partners, and developed an
early watch center at NSA that served as a model for today's National
Security Operations Center (NSOC).
Mr. William O. Marks: A key innovator who led the development of
cryptographic systems to protect the security and integrity of our
nation's vital U.S. Nuclear Command and Control (NC2)
communications and built a legacy upon which today's NC2
capabilities operate.
Mr. Robert J. "Mac" McNelis: A dynamic leader who developed a
science of system evaluation for computer security (COMSEC)
practices, redesigned mathematical applications for crypto-security,
and influenced the design and development of all U.S. government
cryptographic devices.
¢ Mrs. Virginia Jenkins Riley: A consummate cryptologist who taught
herself cryptanalysis and computer programming, and also excelled as
a linguist, cryptanalyst, educator, computer practitioner, and senior
manager. She wrote and implemented one of the most widely-used
statistical programs for all cryptanalysts during her time, and
introduced new curricula in cryptanalysis for generations to come.

The Cryptologic Hall of Honor was created in 1999 to pay tribute to the
pioneers and heroes who have made significant and enduring
contributions to American cryptology. Click on Cryptologic Hall of Honor

or more information about these cryptologic greats.

The National Cryptologic Museum is located at the intersection of
aryland Route 32 and the Baltimore-Washington Parkway (I-295),
adjacent to the headquarters of the National Security Agency. Hours of
operation are 9:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. Monday through Friday (except
ederal holidays), and 10:00 a.m. to 2:00 p.m. on the 1st and 3rd
Saturdays of each month. Admission and parking are free. Click here for
more information about the National Cryptologic Museum. You can also
ollow the National Cryptologic Museum on Facebook.

news Press Release transparency National cryptologic museum
cryptologists hall of honor hoh nem ralph adams charles lord
william marks robert mac mcnelis virginia jenkins riley 2015

NSA.GOV CULTURE HELPFUL LINKS RESOURCES RELATED LINKS
About Core Values NSA Freedom of Information Act Classified Materiel Conversion DNI.gov

. . a: Privacy Act Requests Commercial Solutions for
Leadership Operating Authorities Y q Classified Program (CSfC) Defense.gov

Cybersecurity Collaboration Civil Liberties, Privacy, & Request a Speaker

Center Cryptographic Support Services IC on the Record

\Meisioeiteinesy Ones Prepublication Review

National Cryptologic Museum Media Destruction Guidance Intelligence.gov

Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, & ;
Contact NSA Accessibility Media Inquiry NSA Open Source

Accessibility General Counsel Frequently Asked Questions NSA Exhibit Roadshow

ABA Notice NSA Inspector General

Site Policies

Privacy & Security Links Disclaimer Section508 WebPolicy Plain WritingAct DODIG NoFEARAct ImageryUse FOIA OpenGOV_ Strategic Plan USA.gov Small Business Act Site Map

Hosted by Defense Media Activity - WEB.mil
