An official website of the United States government Here's how you know

National Security Agency/Central security Service About PressRoom Careers History Search NSA

HOME > PRESS ROOM > PRESS RELEASES & STATEMENTS > PRESS RELEASE VIEW

PRESS RELEASE | April 24, 2015

George C. Marshall Foundation and
National Security Agency Debut
Friedman Collection and the
Declassification and Release of
William Friedman's Official Papers

FORT MEADE, Md. —
As part of the new George C. Marshall Legacy Series recognizing events
rom General Marshall's career, the Marshall Foundation and National
Security Agency debuted its "Friedman Collection and the
Declassification and Release of William Friedman's Official Papers" at the
arshall Library on Thursday, April 23, 2015.

William F. Friedman is one of the founders of American cryptology, the
making and breaking of codes, and laid the foundation by which the
ational Security Agency operates today. A significant force in the world
of cryptology, Friedman's career highlights many great achievements. As
he lead code breaker for the U.S. War Department, he led a team that
broke Japanese diplomatic code in 1940 during World War Il. As a result,
General Marshall later described the intelligence provided by Friedman
and his cryptologists as "contributing greatly to the victory and
remendously to the saving of American lives...and...the early termination
of the war."

When Friedman retired from NSA in 1955, he donated his personal
papers to the Marshall Foundation where they have resided since 1969.
With the addition of these official papers, the Marshall Foundation now
possesses the most complete and comprehensive set of Friedman
materials as part of one of the most private collections of cryptologic
material worldwide.

The afternoon's events included remarks from senior officials at the
arshall Foundation, NSA, the National Archives and Records
Administration (NARA), and scholars and historians, highlighting the
value of Friedman's efforts and the significance of this release. It also
eatured a panel presentation that detailed the efforts taken to declassify
and release 7,600 documents. Photos and information about the release
are posted on the National Cryptologic Museum's Facebook page.

To complement the release of the Friedman papers, the Nationa
Cryptologic Museum in Ft. Meade, Md., will unveil their "William
Friedman: A Life in Cryptology" collection of photographs, artifacts,
books, and portions of the 7,600 released documents to the public on
April 28, 2015. These documents are also available to the general public
online at NSA.gov. This release of these important papers will allow
scholars and the general public to gain a better understanding of William
F. Friedman and the significance his work made to the world of
cryptology.

The National Cryptologic Museum is located at the intersection of
Maryland Route 32 and the Baltimore-Washington Parkway (I-295),
adjacent to the headquarters of the National Security Agency. For more
information on the museum, tours, educational programs, and hours and
days of operation, click on the National Cryptologic Museum tab at
NSA.gov. Admission and parking are free. You can also follow the
National Cryptologic Museum's Facebook page.

2015 transparency Press Release news George C. Marshall
Foundation Friedman Collection Friedman Declassification William
Friedman papers World War II cryptology

NSA.GOV CULTURE HELPFUL LINKS RESOURCES RELATED LINKS
About Core Values NSA Freedom of Information Act Classified Materiel Conversion DNI.gov

. . a: Privacy Act Requests Commercial Solutions for
Leadership Operating Authorities Y q Classified Program (CSfC) Defense.gov

Cybersecurity Collaboration Civil Liberties, Privacy, & Request a Speaker

Cent Cryptographic Support Services IC on the Record
emer Transparency Office p blication Revi
National Cryptologic Museum repunication Keview Media Destruction Guidance Intelligence.gov

Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, &

Contact NSA Accessibility Media Inquiry NSA Open Source
Frequently Asked Questions NSA Exhibit Roadshow

Accessibility General Counsel
ABA Notice NSA Inspector General

Site Policies

Privacy & Security Links Disclaimer Section508 WebPolicy Plain WritingAct DODIG NoFEARAct ImageryUse FOIA OpenGOV_ Strategic Plan USA.gov Small Business Act Site Map

Hosted by Defense Media Activity - WEB.mil
