= An official website of the United States government Here's how you know

National Security Agency/Central security Service About PressRoom Careers History Search NSA

HOME > PRESS ROOM > PRESS RELEASES & STATEMENTS > PRESS RELEASE VIEW

PRESS RELEASE | June 21, 2010

2010 Designees of the National
Centers of Academic Excellence

The National Security Agency (NSA) and the Department of Homeland
Security (DHS) jointly announce the designation of six institutions as
National Centers of Academic Excellence in Information Assurance
Education (CAE/IAE) and the designation of seven institutions as
National Centers of Academic Excellence in Information Assurance
Research (CAE-R). This brings the total number of institutions
participating in this highly regarded program to 106 CAE/IAEs and 47
CAE-Rs. Thirty-six institutions are designated as both CAE/IAE and CAE-
R. The CAEs span 39 States, the District of Columbia and the
Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and are recognized leaders in the fields of
information assurance and the expanding field of cyber security. All
institutions receiving these designations are hereinafter referred to as
CAEs.

od

NSA and DHS are also pleased to announce the completion of the pilot
year of the National Centers of Academic Excellence in Information
Assurance two-year Education (CAE2Y) program. This program was
established as a means of providing recognition to institutions that serve
as models for two-year schools by providing innovative, comprehensive
and multidisciplinary education and training in the Information
Assurance/Cyber Security field. Six schools have received the new
designation in this pilot year. Students attending these schools may apply
or the scholarship programs after successfully being admitted to a four-
year CAE institution.

Oo

Designation as a CAE (all programs) is valid for five academic years, after
which the college or university must successfully reapply in order to

etain the designation. Please see the attached fact sheet for lists of
colleges/universities that were designated as a CAE/IAE and/or CAE-R or
CAE2Y in 2010, and a comprehensive list of all 125 participating CAE
institutions on iad.gov/.

SA/DHS partnership was formed in 2004 in response to the President's
National Strategy to Secure Cyberspace of 2003. The CAE-R program
was added in 2007 to encourage universities and students to pursue
esearch, development and innovation in information assurance and
cyber security. The program originally created by this partnership has
continued to grow and become even more relevant and critical to U.S.
national security today. Colleges and universities designated as CAE/IAEs
and CAE-Rs are eligible to apply for scholarships and grants through both
the Federal and Department of Defense Information Assurance
Scholarship Programs. Graduates from Information Assurance programs
at CAE institutions become the professional cyber security experts
protecting national security information systems, commercial networks
and critical information infrastructure in both the private and public
Ss
O

ectors. These professionals are meeting the increasingly urgent needs
the U.S. government, industry and academia.

Contacts:
ndividuals or institutions interested in additional information, please visit
our web site, iad.gov/, or contact the National Centers of Academic

Excellence in Information Assurance Education program office via e-mail
at ASkCAEIAE@nsa.gov.

edia representatives interested in additional information regarding the
ational Centers of Academic Excellence in Information Assurance
ducation Program may contact the NSA Public Affairs Office via email
nsapao@nsa.gov or by telephone at (301) 688-6524 .

o Mm

2010 transparency Press Release news NSA National Security
Agency cae centers of academic excellence Information Assurance Education
Cyberspace CAE2Y

NSA.GOV CULTURE HELPFUL LINKS RESOURCES RELATED LINKS
About Core Values NSA Freedom of Information Act Classified Materiel Conversion DNI.gov

. . a: Privacy Act Requests Commercial Solutions for
Leadership Operating Authorities Y q Classified Program (CSfC) Defense.gov

Cybersecurity Collaboration Civil Liberties, Privacy, & Request a Speaker

Center Cryptographic Support Services IC on the Record

Transparency Office

Prepublication Review

National Cryptologic Museum Media Destruction Guidance Intelligence.gov

Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, & ;
Contact NSA Accessibility Media Inquiry NSA Open Source
Accessibility General Counsel Frequently Asked Questions NSA Exhibit Roadshow
ABA Notice NSA Inspector General

Site Policies

Privacy & Security Links Disclaimer Section508 WebPolicy Plain WritingAct DODIG NoFEARAct ImageryUse FOIA OpenGOV_ Strategic Plan USA.gov Small Business Act Site Map

Hosted by Defense Media Activity - WEB.mil
