An official website of the United States government Here's how you know

| National Security Agency/Central security Service About PressRoom Careers History Search NSA

HOME > PRESS ROOM > PRESS RELEASES & STATEMENTS > PRESS RELEASE VIEW

PRESS RELEASE | July 9, 2015

NSA Shares Cyber Tool on Agency's
Corporate GitHub Website

FORT MEADE, Md. —
A National Security Agency cyber tool that allows computer systems to
maintain a specific security posture is now publicly available on GitHub, a
website for sharing source code - making it easier for other government
organizations and private industry to adopt the tool to help fortify thei
networks against cyber threats.

The technology - known as the Systems Integrity Management Platform,
or SIMP - is considered a critical part of layered, "defense-in-depth"
approaches to cybersecurity. NSA has increasingly shared its research
with the open-source software community, a move that can accelerate
he development of innovative capabilities and solutions in both the

public and private sectors.

SIMP is located on an NSA-wide GitHub page that the agency launched
his spring: https://github.com/nationalsecurityagency. NSA‘s Information
ssurance Directorate established a page in December 2013:

https://github.com/iadgov.

SIMP keeps networked systems compliant with given security standards.
n recent years, multiple government and industry organizations have
developed technologies similar to SIMP in response to U.S. Defense
Department and Intelligence Community compliance requirements. By
eleasing SIMP. the agency seeks to reduce duplication of effort and
promote greater collaboration within the community: The wheel would
not have to be reinvented for every organization.

"The open-source software method of transferring technology from the
federal laboratory to the marketplace is extremely efficient,’ said Linda
Burger, Director of the NSA Technology Transfer Program. "The open-
source community can leverage the work that NSA has produced, and
the government can benefit from that community's expertise and
perspective. It's a win for everyone - and for the nation itself."

The NSA Technology Transfer Program makes it possible for the
agency's innovators to share their technologies with industry, academia,
and other federal agencies. The federally mandated program brokers
collaboration agreements that protect intellectual property, advance time-
sensitive mission requirements, promote the sharing of expertise, and
foster economic growth. More information about TTP is available online.

2015 transparency Press Release news github NSA
National Security Agency Systems Integrity Management Platform SIMP Tech
Transfer research Information Assurance cybersecurity

NSA.GOV CULTURE HELPFUL LINKS RESOURCES RELATED LINKS
About Core Values NSA Freedom of Information Act Classified Materiel Conversion DNI.gov

. . a: Privacy Act Requests Commercial Solutions for
Leadership Operating Authorities Y q Classified Program (CSfC) Defense.gov

Cybersecurity Collaboration Civil Liberties, Privacy, & Request a Speaker

Cent Cryptographic Support Services IC on the Record
emer Transparency Office p blication Revi
National Cryptologic Museum repunication Keview Media Destruction Guidance Intelligence.gov

Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, &

Contact NSA Accessibility Media Inquiry NSA Open Source
Frequently Asked Questions NSA Exhibit Roadshow

Accessibility General Counsel
ABA Notice NSA Inspector General

Site Policies

Privacy & Security Links Disclaimer Section508 WebPolicy Plain WritingAct DODIG NoFEARAct ImageryUse FOIA OpenGOV_ Strategic Plan USA.gov Small Business Act Site Map

Hosted by Defense Media Activity - WEB.mil
