An official website of the United States government Here's how you know

| National Security Agency/Central security Service About PressRoom Careers History Search NSA

HOME > PRESS ROOM > PRESS RELEASES & STATEMENTS > PRESS RELEASE VIEW

PRESS RELEASE | May 8, 2011

NSA Holds Its First "Take Your Child
to Work Day"

Students Explore Cybersecurity Issues Discuss Problem-Solving

April 28 - About 200 children of National Security Agency employees were
given a peek into the world of NSA as they tackled cryptology problems
learned about the value of being multilingual and heard from a leading
cybersecurity expert at NSA’s first "Take Your Child to Work Day."

"You should be proud of the work that your parents do - even if you don't
now exactly what it is!" NSA Executive Director Fran Fleisch joked to an
audience of children and their parents at the start of the five-hour

program. "You should be proud too of everything that you do to suppo
hem."

+

Fleisch emphasized that contrary to Hollywood myths the agency fully
embraces the values that make America great - including respect for the
ule of law Americans' civil liberties and for the nation's legacy of
scientific and technical innovation.

The children's age range was 9 to 14 years old. Preparing for the future is
one of NSA‘s top priorities. To that end the agency collaborates with both
public- and private-sector representatives to develop education programs
at all levels. And agency officials frequently make public presentations
about the importance of attracting the nation's youth to careers in the
sciences cultural studies and foreign languages - especially given an
increasingly interconnected global environment.

SA’s Work/Life Services Office planned the event in response to strong
interest among employees; it was oversubscribed only 1 minute after
egistration opened.

The students - many dressed in typical school gear some in their Sunday
best - rotated among three sessions with their parents and staff escorts
in tow.

nacrash course in creative problem-solving they entered a room with
ong tables each marked with a colored sign for either engineering (blue)

math (red) or analysis (green). Awaiting them were manila envelopes that
contained written challenges which participants solved in small groups.

One part of the engineering mission involved using "sheet metal" (index
cards) to build the tallest communications tower capable of standing on
its own. Students brainstormed folded cards this way and that watched
structures topple and started over with hard-won insights.

All of the problem-solving seemed worthwhile a 12-year-old future
engineer said. "It's about learning to protect the country from bad stuff."

That was a key theme in a session led by one of NSA‘s expert briefers
who wowed students with humor and concrete examples of how bad
actors in cyberspace never stop creating ways to steal money secrets
and identities.

"Even Justin Bieber isn't safe " the expert quipped referring to media
reports about hackers who allegedly breached a video-sharing website
and redirected fans of the teen singer's videos to online pornography.

"If Justin Bieber isn't safe Lord have mercy on you all " he said eliciting
laughter from the students. Many federal and state organizations use
"Take Your Child to Work Day" as an opportunity to introduce young
people to careers in public service. More information about NSA‘s
education-outreach activities is available online at NSA.gov.

2011 transparency Press Release news NSA National Security
Agency Take Your Child to Work Day Fran Fleisch Justin Beiber
pornography hackers

NSA.GOV CULTURE HELPFUL LINKS RESOURCES RELATED LINKS
About Core Values NSA Freedom of Information Act Classified Materiel Conversion DNI.gov

Leadership Operating Authorities Privacy Act Requests Commercial Solutions for

Classified Program (CSfC) Defense.gov
Cybersecurity Collaboration Civil Liberties, Privacy, & Request a Speaker Cryptographic Support Services IC on the Record
Transparency Office er .
National Cryptologic Museum Prepublication Review Media Destruction Guidance

. . . : Intelligence.gov
Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, & g g

Contact NSA Accessibility Media Inquiry NSA Open Source

Frequently Asked Questions

Accessibility General Counsel NSA Exhibit Roadshow

ABA Notice NSA Inspector General

Site Policies

Privacy & Security Links Disclaimer Section508 WebPolicy Plain WritingAct DODIG NoFEARAct ImageryUse FOIA OpenGOV_ Strategic Plan USA.gov Small Business Act Site Map

Hosted by Defense Media Activity - WEB.mil
