= An official website of the United States government Here's how you know

National Security Agency/Central security Service About PressRoom Careers History Search NSA

HOME > PRESS ROOM > PRESS RELEASES & STATEMENTS > PRESS RELEASE VIEW
PRESS RELEASE | Dec. 9, 2011

NSA Launches New Crypto Mobile
Game App

FORT MEADE, Md. —

The National Security Agency (NSA) announced today the launch of "NSA
CryptoChallenge,’ a mobile cryptograph game app available free of
charge from the Apple App Store. The game is the latest digital
communications effort designed to educate young adults on career
opportunities with NSA and recruit the best and brightest to suppor

SA‘s cybersecurity initiatives.

SA‘s CryptoChallenge game challenges today's most intelligent college
udents and young adults to decode hundreds of puzzles, which test
attern recognition skills through a series of cryptographs under various
ategories, including famous quotes, science, technology, engineering
nd mathematics (STEM) trivia, pop culture factoids and more. It's "you
gainst the clock" to see how fast you can crack the code. Players can
so choose to share their completion time to see how they stack up
gainst other players across the globe, even sharing scores on Facebook
nd Twitter.

9 Oo OO DOD DO TD NM

This is the technology today's college students use most to
communicate and make important life decisions, so we have to use
these tools to successfully recruit the top-tier technical talent we need to
become future leaders of the Agency, " said Kathy Hutson, NSA's Director
of Human Resources.

Serious brainiacs are unlikely to get bored by NSA's CryptoChallenge, as
players will find that the game includes an advanced level and uses
multiple algorithms, so puzzles have a different encryption each time
hey appear. The game is also expected to be released for Android
platforms in the near future.

SA‘s CryptoChallenge joins NSA‘s other high-tech recruitment tool, the
SA Career Links app, which is available through the Apple App Store
nd Android Market Place. The app delivers real-time information
updates directly to the user's mobile device.

fed)

To learn more about NSA career opportunities, visit NSA’s careers page

al WWW.NSa.goVv/Careers/.

2011 transparency Press Release news NSA National Security
Agency Twitter facebook CryptoChallenge Kathy Hutson Apple App
Store Android Market Place

NSA.GOV CULTURE HELPFUL LINKS RESOURCES RELATED LINKS
About Core Values NSA Freedom of Information Act Classified Materiel Conversion DNI.gov

. . a: Privacy Act Requests Commercial Solutions for
Leadership Operating Authorities Y q Classified Program (CSfC) Defense.gov

Cybersecurity Collaboration Civil Liberties, Privacy, & Request a Speaker

Cent Cryptographic Support Services IC on the Record
emer Transparency Office

Prepublication Review

National Cryptologic Museum Media Destruction Guidance Intelligence.gov

Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, & ;
Contact NSA Accessibility Media Inquiry NSA Open Source

Accessibility General Counsel Frequently Asked Questions NSA Exhibit Roadshow
ABA Notice NSA Inspector General

Site Policies

Privacy & Security Links Disclaimer Section508 WebPolicy Plain WritingAct DODIG NoFEARAct ImageryUse FOIA OpenGOV_ Strategic Plan USA.gov Small Business Act Site Map

Hosted by Defense Media Activity - WEB.mil
