An official website of the United States government Here's how you know

National Security Agency/Central security Service About PressRoom Careers History Search NSA

HOME > PRESS ROOM > PRESS RELEASES & STATEMENTS > PRESS RELEASE VIEW

PRESS RELEASE | Nov. 28, 2011

NSA/CSS Inducts Four Pioneers
into the National Cryptologic
Museun’s Hall of Honor

FORT MEADE, Md. —
Four pioneers of American cryptology were inducted into the NSA/CSS
Hall of Honor today at the National Cryptologic Museum. In his keynote
remarks during the induction ceremony, John C. Inglis, Deputy Director,
National Security Agency, highlighted the distinguished achievements of
each of the inductees:

e Mr. William Coffee: A civil rights pioneer who proved what minorities
could achieve in cryptology when given the opportunity. He served as
one of the first African-American cryptologists elevated to a
supervisory position in the Army Signal Security Agency.

e Mr Joseph Desch; Selected among all other engineers at the National
Cash Register Company to design the Bombe, a vital cryptanalytic
machine in the war against Germany's U-boats, thus saving countless
ives and helping to achieve Allied victory in Europe in World War Il.

¢ Colonel Parker Hitt: Authored The Manual for the Solution of Military
Ciphers. Published in 1916, this was the first work of its kind in the
United States in 100 years and laid the foundation for the nation's
impressive cryptologic achievements during the 20th century. His
cryptographic and cryptanalytic principles were used for decades to
protect U.S. military communications.
e Ms. Laura Holmes: A career cryptanalyst who inspired and motivated
her students and colleagues with her patience and persistence in
solving some of the most difficult cryptanalytic problems in the late
20th century. Her remarkable qualities and legendary ability to
remember facets of different systems were often the difference
between success and failure.

al

The Hall of Honor, created in 1999, pays tribute to the pioneers and
heroes who have made significant and enduring contributions to
American cryptology. For more information on these cryptologic greats,
visit the Hall of Honor at NSA.gov.

The National Cryptologic Museum is located at the intersection of
Maryland Route 32 and the Baltimore-Washington Parkway (I-295),
adjacent to the headquarters of the National Security Agency. Hours of
operation are 9:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. Monday through Friday (except
federal holidays), and 10:00 a.m. to 2:00 p.m. on the 1st and 3rd
Saturdays of each month. For more information on the museum, tours,
educational programs, and hours and days of operation, visit the National
Cryptologic Museum at NSA.gov. Admission and parking are free.

2011 transparency Press Release news hall of honor nem
museum museum hall of honor coffee coffee hall of honor coffee
museum desch desch hall of honor desch museum hitt hitt hall of
honor hitt museum holmes holmes hall of honor holmes museum

hall of honor induction hall of honor inductee hall of honor 2011

NSA.GOV CULTURE HELPFUL LINKS RESOURCES RELATED LINKS

About Core Values NSA Freedom of Information Act Classified Materiel Conversion DNI.gov

. . a: Privacy Act Requests Commercial Solutions for
Leadership Operating Authorities Y q Classified Program (CSfC) Defense.gov

Cybersecurity Collaboration Civil Liberties, Privacy, & Request a Speaker

Cent Cryptographic Support Services IC on the Record
emer Transparency Office

Prepublication Review

National Cryptologic Museum Media Destruction Guidance Intelligence.gov

Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, & ;
Contact NSA Accessibility Media Inquiry NSA Open Source

Accessibility General Counsel Frequently Asked Questions NSA Exhibit Roadshow
ABA Notice NSA Inspector General

Site Policies

Privacy & Security Links Disclaimer Section508 WebPolicy Plain WritingAct DODIG NoFEARAct ImageryUse FOIA OpenGOV_ Strategic Plan USA.gov Small Business Act Site Map

Hosted by Defense Media Activity - WEB.mil
