= An official website of the United States government Here's how you know

| National Security Agency/Central security Service About PressRoom Careers History Search NSA

HOME > PRESS ROOM > PRESS RELEASES & STATEMENTS > PRESS RELEASE VIEW

PRESS RELEASE | Sept. 4, 2013

NSA Announces Four New Schools
for Cyber Initiative

Four new schools have been selected for the National Security Agency's
National Centers of Academic Excellence in Cyber Operations Program,
which was designed to cultivate more U.S. cyber professionals in an ever-
changing global environment.

After a rigorous application and screening

process, NSA selected the following schools to

receive the CAE-Cyber Operations designation

for the 2013-2014 academic year:

e Air Force Institute of Technology in Ohio;

e Auburn University, Alabama;

¢ Carnegie Mellon University, Pennsylvania;
and

e Mississippi State University.

Picture of Deputy Director NSA John

C. Inglis raising right hand to lead

oath.

The program, which now has a total of eight schools, complements more
han 100 existing centers of academic excellence (CAEs) in research and
information assurance education - jointly overseen by NSA and the

Department of Homeland Security.

An outgrowth of the President's National Initiative for Cybersecurity
Education, the program identifies institutions that have a deeply
echnical, interdisciplinary curriculum centered on fields such as
computer science and electrical engineering. The agency has long
worked with schools to improve education in science, technology,
engineering, and mathematics.

In addition, the program offers some participants opportunities to apply
their learning or enhance their teaching in summer seminars at NSA.

Participating students and faculty members do not engage in actual U.S.
government intelligence activities.

Steven LaFountain, an NSA technical leader, said legal and ethical issues
cybersecurity are a required and critical part of the effort.

>

"In the application process and in all of its work with selected schools,
SA emphasizes the importance of integrity and compliance,’ he said.
"Cyber skills are increasingly important in national defense, but it's even
more important to operate as responsible citizens in the use of such
skills."

Topics covered are routinely taught in colleges and universities, but th
initiative seamlessly integrates the material to help students better
understand how they could someday help to defend the nation. Summer
seminar participants must undergo background checks and obtain
emporary, top-secret security clearances.

S)

The schools chosen in 2012, the program's first year, were Dakota State
University, South Dakota; the Naval Postgraduate School, California;
ortheastern University, Massachusetts; and the University of Tulsa,
Oklahoma. Like the agency's other CAEs, those in the cyber operations
program are evaluated annually. Designations are for five years and
schools across the country can compete to join each year.

Retired Lt. Gen. Ronald L. Burgess Jr., a former director of the U.S.
Defense Intelligence Agency, now serves as Auburn University's Senior
Counsel for National Security Programs, Cyber Programs, and Military
Affairs. The CAE-Cyber Operations project has real merit, he said.

"Auburn has devoted significant resources and interdisciplinary rigor
across campus to expand new cyber initiatives and extensive
collaboration with external organizations," he said. "We are extremely
pleased that NSA has recognized our efforts by selecting Auburn
University" for the program. "It is important to the nation - and we want to
be a part of the strategic way ahead and feel we can contribute to this

national need."

Details about NSA's Centers of Academic Excellence are available on

NSA.gov.
2013 transparency Press Release news cyber initiative college
university Air Force Institute of Technology AFIT auburn carnegie

melon mississippi state partership academic partner

NSA.GOV CULTURE HELPFUL LINKS RESOURCES RELATED LINKS
About Core Values NSA Freedom of Information Act Classified Materiel Conversion DNI.gov

. . a: Privacy Act Requests Commercial Solutions for
Leadership Operating Authorities Y q Classified Program (CSfC) Defense.gov

Cybersecurity Collaboration Civil Liberties, Privacy, & Request a Speaker

Center Cryptographic Support Services IC on the Record

\Meisioeiteinesy Ones Prepublication Review

National Cryptologic Museum Media Destruction Guidance Intelligence.gov

Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, & ;
Contact NSA Accessibility Media Inquiry NSA Open Source

Accessibility General Counsel Frequently Asked Questions NSA Exhibit Roadshow

ABA Notice NSA Inspector General

Site Policies

Privacy & Security Links Disclaimer Section508 WebPolicy Plain WritingAct DODIG NoFEARAct ImageryUse FOIA OpenGOV_ Strategic Plan USA.gov Small Business Act Site Map

Hosted by Defense Media Activity - WEB.mil
