An official website of the United States government Here's how you know

National Security Agency/Central security Service About PressRoom Careers History Search NSA

HOME > PRESS ROOM > PRESS RELEASES & STATEMENTS > PRESS RELEASE VIEW

PRESS RELEASE | Feb. 5, 2008

National Cryptologic Museum
Exhibits Hobo Signs

The National Cryptologic Museum opened a new exhibit entitled,
"Looking for a Sign: Hobo Communication in the Depression." In the world
of cryptology, few know of the secret signs used by hobos during the
Great Depression of the 1930s. The new, interactive, exhibit presents
many of the various symbols used by the hobos to send messages to
other itinerant workers who would pass through the same location at a
later time. Signs communicated everything from places to avoid to good
spots to hop a train. However, the symbols were cryptic enough that even
when spotted by townspeople, they were not understood.

The display includes a model train layout built specifically for this exhibit
by the Meade Area Railroad Society. It incorporates many of the signs
used by the hobos and asks patrons (young and old alike) to find the
symbol within the model. With a push of a button, a working HO gauge
rain loops around a town and nearby farm, passing a hobo camp along
he way.

‘Looking for a Sign" is the latest in a series of temporary exhibits tha
have been installed in the museum lobby. Previous exhibits included
children's cipher toys from the age of radio (Radio Orphan Annie decipher
ngs) and Elizebeth Friedman the U.S. Coast Guard's work against

umrunner messages during Prohibition. The hobo exhibit will be on
splay through 2009.

ublic. It shares the Nation's, as well as NSA‘s, cryptologic legacy and

R

d

The museum is the National Security Agency's principal gateway to the
p

place in world history.

The National Cryptologic Museum is located at the intersection of
aryland Route 32 and the Baltimore-Washington Parkway (MD-295),
adjacent to the headquarters of the National Security Agency. Hours of
operation are 9:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m., Monday through Friday (except
Federal holidays), and 10:00 am to 2:00 p.m., on the 1st and 3rd
Saturdays of each month. Admission is free. For further information,
please call 301-688-5849.

2008 transparency Press Release news NSA National Security
Agency National cryptologic museum Hobo Communication Meade Area
Railroad Society Radio Orphan Annie Elizebeth Friedman U.S. Coast Guard

Rumrunner Prohibition

NSA.GOV CULTURE HELPFUL LINKS RESOURCES RELATED LINKS
About Core Values NSA Freedom of Information Act Classified Materiel Conversion DNI.gov

Privacy Act Requests Commercial Solutions for Def
Classified Program (CSfC) erense.gov

Cryptographic Support Services IC on the Record

Leadership Operating Authorities

Cybersecurity Collaboration Civil Liberties, Privacy, & Request a Speaker

Center Transparency Office p blication Revi
Notional Cryptoloate Museum republication Review Media Destruction Guidance Intelligence.gov

Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, &

Contact NSA Accessibility Media Inquiry NSA Open Source

Frequently Asked Questions

Accessibility General Counsel NSA Exhibit Roadshow

ABA Notice NSA Inspector General

Site Policies

Privacy & Security Links Disclaimer Section508 WebPolicy Plain WritingAct DODIG NoFEARAct ImageryUse FOIA OpenGOV_ Strategic Plan USA.gov Small Business Act Site Map

Hosted by Defense Media Activity - WEB.mil
