An official website of the United States government Here's how you know

| National Security Agency/Central security Service About PressRoom Careers History Search NSA

HOME > PRESS ROOM > PRESS RELEASES & STATEMENTS > PRESS RELEASE VIEW

PRESS RELEASE | May 1, 2013

NSA Debuts the Next Wave Journal
Online

The Next Wave, NSA‘s research journal centered on emerging
technologies, is for the first time available online to the general public
through the agency's website, www.nsa.gov.

The quarterly publication highlights significant technical advancements
and research activities within NSA‘s Research Directorate and beyond. Its
print readership has totaled more than 10,000.

"Experts within the Research Directorate have a history of raising the bar
with innovative new technology and then sharing it with the world,” said
Dr. Michael Wertheimer, Director of Research. "This practice supports our
mission to strengthen information security while benefiting both
commerce and the nation as a whole. Making The Next Wave more
widely available is a perfect example of this practice,’ he continued. "The
technologies and topics covered address challenges, like cybersecurity,
that affect us alll."

The current online issue, "Building a National Program for Cybersecurity
Science,’ is the second of two issues dedicated to the science of
cybersecurity. The first, published in March 2012, highlighted
contributions from experts in academia and the private sector. The
current issue focuses on government, offering a wide variety of
perspectives on cyber challenges and solutions alike.

Both support for cybersecurity and the need to understand the science
behind it are increasing.

Security challenges now involve more than cryptography and
cryptanalysis, and solutions require collaboration. To that end, public and
private partnerships continue to form as research findings and
technologies are shared across institutional boundaries.

"The Next Wave has inspired a growing audience to think collaboratively,’
said Kathleen Prewitt, the journal's Managing Editor. "Our past print

readership was over 10,000 and climbing. Offering The Next Wave online
allows us to efficiently share information to spur future partnerships that
could be of great benefit to the NSA mission and beyond."

The Research Directorate creates breakthroughs in mathematics,
science, and engineering. These discoveries allow NSA to achieve and
sustain intelligence advances against immediate and emerging threats to
U.S. national security. As the only "in-house" organization in the
Intelligence Community that is dedicated to improving intelligence
through science, the directorate provides a consistent advantage over the
scientific discoveries of industry, academia, and adversarial nations.

At NSA, preparing for the future is a never-ending endeavor.

2013 transparency Press Release news next wave journal
online journal the next wave publication cybersecurity

NSA.GOV CULTURE HELPFUL LINKS RESOURCES RELATED LINKS
About Core Values NSA Freedom of Information Act Classified Materiel Conversion DNI.gov

. . a: Privacy Act Requests Commercial Solutions for
Leadership Operating Authorities Y q Classified Program (CSfC) Defense.gov

Cybersecurity Collaboration Civil Liberties, Privacy, & Request a Speaker

Center Cryptographic Support Services IC on the Record

\Meisioeiteinesy Ones Prepublication Review

National Cryptologic Museum Media Destruction Guidance Intelligence.gov

Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, & ;
Contact NSA Accessibility Media Inquiry NSA Open Source

Accessibility General Counsel Frequently Asked Questions NSA Exhibit Roadshow

ABA Notice NSA Inspector General

Site Policies

Privacy & Security Links Disclaimer Section508 WebPolicy Plain WritingAct DODIG NoFEARAct ImageryUse FOIA OpenGOV_ Strategic Plan USA.gov Small Business Act Site Map

Hosted by Defense Media Activity - WEB.mil
