An official website of the United States government Here's how you know

| National Security Agency/Central security Service About PressRoom Careers History Search NSA

HOME > PRESS ROOM > PRESS RELEASES & STATEMENTS > PRESS RELEASE VIEW
PRESS RELEASE | Feb. 15, 2013

National Cryptologic Museum
Unveils Revolutionary Secrets

FORT MEADE, Md. —

The National Cryptologic Museum (NCM) showcased its newest exhibit,
Revolutionary Secrets, which tells the story of cryptology during the
American Revolutionary War, at a colorful ceremony on Thursday, 14
February.

A drum roll from the U.S. Army 3rd Infantry
Regiment (The Old Guard) Baroque Trumpet
Ensemble culminated in the ribbon-cutting by
the host and National Security Agency (NSA)
Deputy Director John C. Inglis. Joining him in
cutting the ceremonial ribbon was the NSA
Chief of Staff Elizabeth Brooks, National
Cryptologic Museum Foundation President Dr.
Richard C. Schaeffer and NSA Associate
Director of Strategic Communications Judith

Cutting the ribbon to the National

Cryptologic Museum's newest exhibit
Emmel.

n his remarks, Mr. Inglis said the exhibit
epresents the beginning of American
cryptologic history and demonstrates how
even our Founding Fathers recognized the
importance of collecting intelligence and
protecting communications.

was (I-r) National Security Agency
(NSA) Chief of Staff Elizabeth Brooks,
Deputy Director and host of the event
John C. Inglis, National Cryptologic
Museum Foundation President Dr.
Richard C. Schaeffer, and NSA
Associate Director of Strategic
Visitors at the exhibit experienced some of Communications Judith Emmel.
he Revolutionary War period cryptologic
methods for themselves by trying out the hands-on activities offered at
he Revolutionary Secrets exhibit, including invisible ink, simple cipher,
hidden messages, and dictionary code.

The U.S. Army 3rd Infantry Regiment (The Old Guard) Fife and Drum
Corps and Baroque Trumpet Ensemble provided plenty of color and
colonial period music at the event.

The NCM displays some of the rarest items in American cryptology,
evealing the evolution of code making and code breaking and secrets
hat changed the course of history. Its research library maintains a
collection of unclassified and declassified books and documents on
cryptology and is an excellent resource to students, scholars, and those
interested in this once secret world.

The museum is located at Routes 295 and 32 adjacent to the Ft. Meade,

d., Army post. For more information on the museum, tours, educational

programs, and hours and days of operation, visit the National Cryptologic
useum web page on NSA.gov, or the museum's Facebook page at

www.facebook.com/NationalCryptologicMuseum.

2013 transparency Press Release news nem nem exhibit
National cryptologic museum museum exhibit revolution exhibit Revolutionary
War

NSA.GOV CULTURE HELPFUL LINKS RESOURCES RELATED LINKS
About Core Values NSA Freedom of Information Act Classified Materiel Conversion DNI.gov

. . a: Privacy Act Requests Commercial Solutions for
Leadership Operating Authorities Y q Classified Program (CSfC) Defense.gov

Cybersecurity Collaboration Civil Liberties, Privacy, & Request a Speaker Cryptographic Support Services IC on the Record

Center Transparency Office p blication Revi
Notional Cryptoloate Museum republication Review Media Destruction Guidance Intelligence.gov

Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, &

Contact NSA Accessibility Media Inquiry NSA Open Source
Frequently Asked Questions NSA Exhibit Roadshow

Accessibility General Counsel
ABA Notice NSA Inspector General

Site Policies

Privacy & Security Links Disclaimer Section508 WebPolicy Plain WritingAct DODIG NoFEARAct ImageryUse FOIA OpenGOV_ Strategic Plan USA.gov Small Business Act Site Map

Hosted by Defense Media Activity - WEB.mil
