An official website of the United States government Here's how you know

| National Security Agency/Central security Service About PressRoom Careers History Search NSA

HOME > PRESS ROOM > PRESS RELEASES & STATEMENTS > PRESS RELEASE VIEW

PRESS RELEASE | June 1, 2007

West Point Wins NSA‘s Annual Test
of Cyber Defense

The U.S. Military Academy is the victor in this year's Cyber Defense
Exercise (CDX), sponsored by the National Security Agency/Central
Security Service Information Assurance Directorate. An annual event, the
exercise tests and evaluates the knowledge and ability of cadets and
midshipmen enrolled in computer science programs at the Armed Forces
Service Academies. What's almost as important as winning for cadets
and midshipmen? Teamwork.

"In addition to promoting teamwork at the service academies
themselves,’ said Tony Sager, of NSA's Information Assurance
Directorate, "the Cyber Defense Exercise enables the teams to learn from
the most accomplished professionals in information assurance at NSA.
We recognize the great importance of partnering with the military service
academies to mold the military's future cyber defenders."

The CDX, held this year at a Lockheed Martin facility in Hanover, Md.,
allows the five service academies and select service post-graduate
schools to engage in a hands-on experience in configuring and defending
their networks against cyber attack. Behind the scenes, network
professionals from NSA, the Army Reserve Information Operations
Center, U.S. Army's 1st Information Operations Command, U.S. Marine
Corps Network Operations Security Center, and the National Threat
Operations Center comprise Red and White cells to combat (Red) and to
support (White) the teams.

The exercise provides future information assurance leaders with an
opportunity to apply real world information assurance principles of
operations and security, and demonstrate their skills in information
assurance. It also gives them the opportunity to learn some of the
network status reporting and leadership decisions that will be required of
them after graduation.

"The CDX is a unique opportunity to learn in a controlled environment,
using cutting edge technology with the ultimate goal to defend the
Nation's critical infrastructure,’ said Sager. "And, despite the intense
competition, everyone has a great time."

The CDX involves participation-much of it volunteer-from across the
country in months of planning and the construction of a network not
connected to any existing NSA systems. Faculty members at the service
academies collaborate extensively with Red/White cells.

Sager said that he is gratified that all of the teams were more
accomplished this year than last, making it more challenging for Red and
White cells. "We see it as a good sign that we are challenged, too,"
concluded Sager. "It says we're doing it right."

The highly coveted Director's Trophy will reside at West Point until a new
victor is declared during next year's CDX. For more information about the
exercise, visit NSA’s website at NSA.gov.

2007 transparency Press Release news Armed Forces Service
Academies U.S. Air Force Academy United States Merchant Marine Academy
USNA National Security Agency 2007 Cyber Defense Exercise CDX
United States Military Academy west point U.S. Coast Guard Academy U.S.
Naval Academy Information Assurance Director's Trophy red team Air Force
Institute of Technology cadets vulnerabilities Tony Sager Information
Assurance Army Reserve Information Operations Center U.S. Army's 1st
Information Operations Command U.S. Marine Corps Network Operations Security
Center National Threat Operations Center

NSA.GOV CULTURE HELPFUL LINKS RESOURCES RELATED LINKS
About Core Values NSA Freedom of Information Act Classified Materiel Conversion DNI.gov

. . a: Privacy Act Requests Commercial Solutions for
Leadership Operating Authorities Y q Classified Program (CSfC) Defense.gov

Cybersecurity Collaboration Civil Liberties, Privacy, & Request a Speaker

Center Cryptographic Support Services IC on the Record

Transparency Office

Prepublication Review

National Cryptologic Museum Media Destruction Guidance Intelligence.gov

Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, & ;
Contact NSA Accessibility Media Inquiry NSA Open Source
Accessibility General Counsel Frequently Asked Questions NSA Exhibit Roadshow

ABA Notice NSA Inspector General

Site Policies

Privacy & Security Links Disclaimer Section508 WebPolicy Plain WritingAct DODIG NoFEARAct ImageryUse FOIA OpenGOV_ Strategic Plan USA.gov Small Business Act Site Map

Hosted by Defense Media Activity - WEB.mil
