An official website of the United States government Here's how you know

| National Security Agency/Central security Service About PressRoom Careers History Search NSA

HOME > PRESS ROOM > PRESS RELEASES & STATEMENTS > PRESS RELEASE VIEW

PRESS RELEASE | April 26, 2006

Air Force Academy Captures NSA
Cyber Defense Competition Honors

FORT GEORGE G. MEADE, Md. -

The Air Force Academy snatched top honors among U.S. Service
Academies that recently competed in the National Security Agency-
sponsored Cyber Defense Exercise (CDX), April 10-14 2006. Though the
op score was in actuality earned by a team of savvy graduate students
rom the Air Force Institute of Technology who participated on a graded,
but non-competitive basis, the Cadets of the Air Force Academy were the
ecipients of the formal competitive honors among participating service
academy teams that also included the Army, Navy, Coast Guard and
erchant Marine.

The 6th annual exercise pitted teams of future military leaders
epresenting the Air Force, Army, Navy, Coast Guard and Merchant

arine service academies against highly skilled NSA and military
network experts who sought to expose network vulnerabilities and exploit
weaknesses in order to raise awareness about the critical importance of
strong information assurance practices.

This year, the NSA heightened the challenge even before the competition
had commenced by providing each team with software that had been
pre-configured with known vulnerabilities. Each team was then expected
to conduct a forensic analysis of the software to root out potential
problems that might later threaten the security and performance of their
networks.

Runner-up honors went this year to the cadets of West Point, followed in
third place by last year's winner, the U.S. Naval Academy. The Coast
Guard and Merchant Marine teams finished fourth and fifth place
respectively.

ies)

agging rights aside, all participants learned quickly to adapt despite
numerous challenges imposed by exercise controllers and seize the
pportunity to learn practical lessons in a controlled environment.

[e)

The NSA‘s Information Assurance Director, Dick Schaeffer, who
announced the winner in a conference call to academies on April 21, is
scheduled to visit the academy soon to award the coveted Information
Assurance Trophy to the Air Force's Falcon team.

"This was one incredible team effort, from the red cell to the cadets and
midshipmen who participated, but the real beneficiaries are the soldiers,
sailors, airmen and Marines who are on the tip of the spear that support
the network and depend on it," he concluded.

For more information, refer to the Air Force Academy's news release on
the victory, or contact Ken White, NSA Public Affairs, at (301) 688-6524.

2006 transparency Press Release news U.S. Air Force Academy
United States Merchant Marine Academy USNA National Security Agency
2006 Cyber Defense Exercise CDX United States Military Academy west

point U.S. Coast Guard Academy U.S. Naval Academy Information Assurance
Director's Trophy red team Air Force Institute of Technology cadets
vulnerabilities Dick Schaeffer information assurance director

NSA.GOV CULTURE HELPFUL LINKS RESOURCES RELATED LINKS
About Core Values NSA Freedom of Information Act Classified Materiel Conversion DNI.gov

. . a: Privacy Act Requests Commercial Solutions for
Leadership Operating Authorities Y q Classified Program (CSfC) Defense.gov

Cybersecurity Collaboration Civil Liberties, Privacy, & Request a Speaker

Center Cryptographic Support Services IC on the Record

\Meisioeiteinesy Ones Prepublication Review

National Cryptologic Museum Media Destruction Guidance Intelligence.gov

Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, & ;
Contact NSA Accessibility Media Inquiry NSA Open Source

Accessibility General Counsel Frequently Asked Questions NSA Exhibit Roadshow

ABA Notice NSA Inspector General

Site Policies

Privacy & Security Links Disclaimer Section508 WebPolicy Plain WritingAct DODIG NoFEARAct ImageryUse FOIA OpenGOV_ Strategic Plan USA.gov Small Business Act Site Map

Hosted by Defense Media Activity - WEB.mil
