An official website of the United States government Here's how you know

National Security Agency/Central Security Service

About Press Room

HOME > PRESS ROOM > PRESS RELEASES & STATEMENTS > PRESS RELEASE VIEW

PRESS RELEASE | Sept. 6, 2005

National Security Agency to Hold
Career Expo In Hawaii, 14
September 2005

The National Security Agency (NSA) will hold a career exposition in
Honolulu Hawaii this month as part of its drive to hire approximately 1
500 people enterprise-wide every year through 2008. NSA is holding a
series of expos away from their Ft. Meade Maryland campus to widen its
each for top talent and to highlight areas other than its headquarters
where some of the new hires will be assigned. Expos have already been
held in South Carolina Georgia and Texas.

SA recruiters will be in Honolulu on 14 September 2005 from 11 a.m. to
6 p.m. at the Ala Moana Hotel at 410 Atkinson Drive in Honolulu. NSA is
hiring intelligence analysts language analysts computer scientists
computer/electrical engineers mathematicians signals analysts
cryptanalysts accountants budget/financial analysts investigators and
police officers.

SA is continuing to develop a global cryptologic enterprise that is
esilient agile and effective in prosecuting a dynamic target/threat
environment. By way of these career expos it hopes to reach out and
attract the best and the brightest that the nation has to offer in support of
SA’s mission and improve NSA‘s capabilities to continue to provide
critical intelligence to policymakers and war fighters.

2005 transparency Press Release news NSA
Agency Georgia South Carolina
hawaii intelligence analysts
computer/electrical engineers
accountants

National Central
Career Expos Texas Honolulu
language analysts computer scientists
mathematicians signals analysts cryptanalysts
budget/financial analysts investigators police officers
Ala Moana Hotel

NSA.GOV CULTURE

About Core Values

HELPFUL LINKS
NSA Freedom of Information Act

RESOURCES

Classified Materiel Conversion

Leadership Privacy Act Requests Commercial Solutions for

Classified Program (CSfC)
Cryptographic Support Services

Operating Authorities

Cybersecurity Collaboration

Civil Liberties, Privacy, &
Center

Transparency Office

Request a Speaker

National Cryptologic Museum

Prepublication Review

Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, &

Contact NSA Accessibility Media Inquiry

Accessibility Frequently Asked Questions

General Counsel

ABA Notice NSA Inspector General

Site Policies

Privacy & Security Links Disclaimer Section508 WebPolicy Plain WritingAct DODIG NoFEARAct ImageryUse FOIA OpenGOV _ Strategic Plan

Hosted by Defense Media Activity - WEB.mil

Media Destruction Guidance
NSA Open Source

NSA Exhibit Roadshow

USA.gov Small Business Act Site Map

Careers History

RELATED LINKS
DNI.gov

Defense.gov
IC on the Record

Intelligence.gov

Search NSA

