An official website of the United States government Here's how you know

National Security Agency/Central security Service About PressRoom Careers History Search NSA

HOME > PRESS ROOM > PRESS RELEASES & STATEMENTS > PRESS RELEASE VIEW

PRESS RELEASE | June 12, 2003

NSA Inducts Four Pioneers into the
National Cryptologic Museum's Hall
of Honor

The Hall of Honor, created in 1999, pays tribute to the pioneers and
heroes who have made significant and long-lasting contributions to
American cryptology. The 2003 inductees are:

¢ Lambros D. Callimahos, author and teacher of NSA’s most advanced
course in cryptanalysis, enabled hundreds of cryptanalysts to reach the
highest levels of proficiency, and through them influenced generations
of American cryptologists.
Dr. Lowell K. "Jim" Frazer, leader in mathematics, enabled the United
States to create standards for effective evaluation of the strength of its
communications security systems and its advances in computing.
Juanita Moody, a constant innovator in intelligence production and
reporting, led NSA production units through many crises and innovated
with concepts of direct support to the White House.
Howard E. Rosenblum, for three decades designed critical protection
systems for voice communications, and created the innovative
concepts that make today's most secure telephone systems practical.

The National Cryptologic Museum is located at the intersection of
Maryland Route 32 and the Baltimore-Washington Parkway (I-295),
adjacent to the headquarters of the National Security Agency. Hours of
operation are 9:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. Monday through Friday (except
Federal holidays), and 10:00 a.m. to 2:00 p.m. on the 1st and 3rd
Saturdays of each month. Admission is free. For further information,
please call 301-688-6524.

2003 transparency Press Release news National Security Agency
NSA Induct Pioneers National cryptologic museum hall of honor
Lambros D. Callimahos Dr. Lowell K.

NSA.GOV CULTURE HELPFUL LINKS RESOURCES RELATED LINKS
About Core Values NSA Freedom of Information Act Classified Materiel Conversion DNI.gov

Privacy Act Requests Commercial Solutions for Def
Classified Program (CSfC) erense.gov

Cryptographic Support Services IC on the Record

Leadership Operating Authorities

Cybersecurity Collaboration Civil Liberties, Privacy, & Request a Speaker

Center Transparency Office >) blication Revi
Notional Cryptoloate Museum republication Review Media Destruction Guidance Intelligence.gov

Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, &

Contact NSA Accessibility Media Inquiry NSA Open Source

Frequently Asked Questions

Accessibility General Counsel NSA Exhibit Roadshow

ABA Notice NSA Inspector General

Site Policies

Privacy & Security Links Disclaimer Section508 WebPolicy Plain WritingAct DODIG NoFEARAct ImageryUse FOIA OpenGOV_ Strategic Plan USA.gov Small Business Act Site Map

Hosted by Defense Media Activity - WEB.mil
