An official website of the United States government Here's how you know

National Security Agency/Central security Service About PressRoom Careers History Search NSA

HOME > PRESS ROOM > PRESS RELEASES & STATEMENTS > PRESS RELEASE VIEW

PRESS RELEASE | Nov. 1, 2002

National Security Agency
Commemorates 50th Anniversary
by Unveiling Exhibit at National
Cryptologic Museum

Today the National Security Agency (NSA) publicly commemorated its
50th anniversary when Lt Gen Michael V. Hayden, USAF, Director, National
Security Agency/Chief, Central Security Service, unveiled a new exhibit at
the National Cryptologic Museum. The exhibit highlights the rich and
successful legacy of NSA's dedicated codemakers and codebreakers,
who, for five decades, have provided and protected America's most
critical information.

The exhibit --"Fifty Years of Cryptologic Excellence" -- features a video
production entitled"1952-2002: A Cryptologic Legacy." The display also
includes items representative of the Agency throughout its 50 years, as
well as items used by LTG Ralph Canine, USA, the Agency's first director
and by Dr. Louis Tordella, NSA's longest-serving Deputy Director. The
images and artifacts included in the exhibit are poignant reminders of
SA‘s past accomplishments. Thanks to the superlative work done by
hose who came before us, our Nation's efforts to create a unified
cryptologic organization for the United States were successfully brought
o fruition.

SA was created on 24 October 1952 when President Harry S. Truman
signed a top secret, 8-page presidential memorandum. At that time, the
decision was made to delay formal announcement of the action until 4
ovember, which happened to be Election Day. The hope was that the
nation's selection of a new Chief Executive would keep the creation of the
Agency out of the news.

The National Cryptologic Museum provides a'peek behind the curtain’ at
he once-secret world of cryptology - the exploitation of foreign signals
intelligence and the protection of America's most critica
communications. The Museum is open to the public Monday through
Friday, 9 a.m. to 4p.m., and the 1st and 3rd Saturdays of each month
rom 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. The Museum is located at the intersection o

aryland Route 32 and the Baltimore-Washington Parkway (I-295),
adjacent to the headquarters of the National Security Agency. Admission
is free.

2002 transparency Press Release news National Security Agency
NSA Michael Hayden National cryptologic museum 50th anniversary
commemorate codemakers codebreakers critical information
Legacy crypographic signals intelligence Information Assurance Ralph
Canine Director Dr. Louis Tordella

NSA.GOV CULTURE HELPFUL LINKS RESOURCES RELATED LINKS
About Core Values NSA Freedom of Information Act Classified Materiel Conversion DNI.gov
Leadership Operating Authorities Privacy Act Requests Commercial Solutions for

Classified Program (CSfC) Defense.gov
oa Collaboration Coll LUetSinuss [FTN RSG) eG Cryptographic Support Services I@onthe Record
Transparency Office

National Cryptologic Museum Prepublication Review Media Destruction Guidance

. . . : Intelligence.gov
Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, & g g

Contact NSA Accessibility Media Inquiry NSA Open Source

Accessibility General Counsel Frequently Asked Questions NSA Exhibit Roadshow

ABA Notice NSA Inspector General

Site Policies

Privacy & Security Links Disclaimer Section508 WebPolicy Plain WritingAct DODIG NoFEARAct ImageryUse FOIA OpenGOV_ Strategic Plan USA.gov Small Business Act Site Map

Hosted by Defense Media Activity - WEB.mil
