& An official website of the United States government Here's how you know

i | National Security Agency/Central security Service About PressRoom Careers History Search NSA

HOME > PRESS ROOM > PRESS RELEASES & STATEMENTS > PRESS RELEASE VIEW

PRESS RELEASE | March 22, 2001

NSA Announces the Designation of
Centers of Academic Excellence in
Information Assurance Education

The National Security Agency (NSA) has designated the following
universities as Centers of Academic Excellence in Information Assurance
Education for academic years 2001 through 2004. They join the list of
fourteen universities across the country to be awarded this distinction.
The newly designated Centers of Academic Excellence in Information
Assurance Education are:

¢ Drexel University (PA)

¢ United States Military Academy, West Point (NY)
¢ Georgia Institute of Technology (GA)

¢ University of Maryland, Baltimore County (MD)

¢ Mississippi State University (MS)

¢ University Of North Carolina, Charlotte (NC)

¢ Norwich University (VT)

¢ West Virginia University (W VA)

e Syracuse University (NY)

Universities are being notified this week and will be formally recognized
during a presentation at the Fifth Annual Conference of the National
Colloquium for Information Systems Security Education, on May 23,
2001, at 9:30 a.m. This year's conference will be hosted by one of the first
Centers of Academic Excellence in Information Assurance Education,
George Mason University, at their Fairfax, Virginia campus.

NOTE TO MEDIA:
To attend the conference, contact NSA Public and Media Affairs at the
above number.

More information on this program follows:

Background:

The NSA established the Centers of Academic Excellence in Information
Assurance Education Program in an effort to promote higher education in
information assurance and increase the number of individuals with this
expertise in various disciplines. A June 1999 Department of Commerce
Report, The Digital Workforce, estimates that the U.S. will require more
han 1.3 million new highly skilled information technology workers
between 1996 and 2006. The National Plan for Information Systems
Protection also addresses this critical shortage and further highlights the
acute shortage in the subset of trained information systems security
personnel. The National Plan recognizes training and education as key
solutions in defending America's cyberspace. The Centers of Academic
Excellence in Information Assurance Education Program is an example of
he outreach and partnership efforts called for in the National Plan.

Designation Process:
Designations were granted following a rigorous review of university
applications by a review board composed of representatives from the

SA and the National Institute of Standards and Technology, as well as
members of the National Colloquium for Information Systems Security
Education representing both industry and academia. The board assessed
applications against established criteria that measure the depth and
maturity of information assurance programs and are rooted in National
Security Telecommunications and Information Systems Security
Committee (NSTISSC) Training Standards. The NSTISSC is an
intergovernmental organization that sets policy for the security of
national security systems. For more information about the NSTISSC,
please see http://www.cnss.gov.

Universities receiving this distinction are eligible to apply for the
competitive Scholarship for Service (SFS) Program announced in the
President's National Plan for Information Systems Protection, January
2000 (http://www.ciao.gov/education/index.html). Under the SFS
Program, administered by the National Science Foundation
(http://www.nsf.gov/pubs/2001/nsf0111/nsf0111.pdf), the government
pays for the last two years of graduate or undergraduate studies meeting
established information assurance standards, in return for a
edetermined student commitment to federal government service. A
milar Department of Defense (DoD) Information Assurance Scholarship
rogram was recently initiated. This program, which also draws on the
enters of Academic Excellence in Information Assurance Education, is
ponsored by the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Command, Control,
ommunications and Intelligence and is offered in accordance with the
isions of Chapter 112, Title 10, United States Code, as amended by
ublic Law 106-398, The National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal
ear 2001. The DoD program is intended to increase the number of
ualified students entering the field of information assurance to meet
oD's increasing dependence on information technology for war fighting
he security of its information infrastructure.

V9V0UQ <x VGTOLYVOTVDLD
[e)
<

a)
ion

Information on Colloquium:

The colloquium conference provides a forum for key figures in
government, industry, and academia to address current and emerging
requirements in information assurance education, and to encourage the
development and expansion of curricula, especially at the graduate and
undergraduate levels. For more information about the colloquium
conference, please refer to http://www.ncisse.org.

Information on the Centers of Academic Excellence in Information
Assurance Education Program:

This program is managed by the Information Assurance Directorate of
the NSA which provides solutions, products and services, and conducts
defensive information operations to achieve information assurance for
information infrastructures critical to U.S. national security interests.

2001 transparency Press Release news National Security Agency
NSA centers of academic excellence cae Information Assurance
Drexel University United States Military Academy west point Georgia Institute
of Technology university of maryland Baltimore County Mississippi State
University University of North Carolina charlotte Norwich University West
Virginia University Syracuse University National Colloquium for Information
Systems Security Education Training workforce Education Cyber

security systems

NSA.GOV CULTURE HELPFUL LINKS RESOURCES RELATED LINKS

About Core Values NSA Freedom of Information Act Classified Materiel Conversion DNI.gov

. . a: Privacy Act Requests Commercial Solutions for
Leadership Operating Authorities y q Classified Program (CSfC) Defense.gov

Cybersecurity Collaboration Civil Liberties, Privacy, & Request a Speaker

Center Cryptographic Support Services IC on the Record

Transparency Office

Prepublication Review

National Cryptologic Museum Media Destruction Guidance Intelligence.gov

Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, & ;
Contact NSA Accessibility Media Inquiry NSA Open Source

Accessibility General Counsel Frequently Asked Questions NSA Exhibit Roadshow

