An official website of the United States government Here's how you know

About PressRoom Careers History Search NSA

HOME > PRESS ROOM > PRESS RELEASES & STATEMENTS > PRESS RELEASE VIEW

PRESS RELEASE | April 2, 2001

National Security Agency Awards
Concept Studies for TRAILBLAZER

The National Security Agency (NSA) awarded three prime contracts on
29 March for concept studies, launching the Agency's transformation
efforts. The studies will define the architecture, cost, and acquisition
approach for TRAILBLAZER 1, the NSA program to develop analytic
capabilities to meet the challenge of rapidly evolving, modern
telecommunications. The prime contracts were awarded to Booz Allen &
Hamilton, Inc. (Annapolis Junction, MD), Lockheed Martin Corporation
(Hanover, MD), and TRW (Systems & Information Technology Group,
Columbia, MD). These prime contractors will have over thirty industry
partners, in total, associated with their efforts.

[he award of these contracts culminates a process that began las
August when over 130 potential industry partners participated in a
TRAILBLAZER Industry Day at NSA Headquarters. Suggestions from
industry, together with definition of the Agency's requirements, led to the
subsequent release in October of a draft Request for Proposals (RFP) to
obtain detailed industry inputs. The final RFP was released in early
December and proposals were submitted in January. The NSA Program
Office completed this initial phase with the evaluation of seven proposals
rom avery broad cross-section of industry, including over 100
enterprises in the sectors of defense and intelligence, advanced
information technology, internet dotcoms, commercial business process
e-engineering, and academia.

The evaluation of the proposals reflected the Agency's emphasis on
innovation to rapidly apply commercial information technology while at
he same time providing overall program management through a
disciplined acquisition process. The evaluation of this best value
procurement took a few weeks longer than planned, due to the
complexity of the proposals and the large response from industry. These
Cc

a

ontracts include a base period of performance and an option for
nalysis and integration of the results of the studies from all three
contracts and other on-going NSA programs and architecture efforts.

The kick-off for these studies will be conducted in early April and
subsequent analyses and deliverables will be focused on preparing for a
limited production decision in 2002.

2001 transparency Press Release news National Security Agency
NSA TRAILBLAZER awards Booz Allen & Hamilton Inc.
Annapolis Junction Lockheed Martin Corporation Hanover TRW Systems &
Information Technology Group Columbia telecommunications analytic
capabilities innovation Performance defense Intelligence advanced
information technology internet dotcoms commercial business process re-
engineering Academia

NSA.GOV CULTURE HELPFUL LINKS RESOURCES RELATED LINKS

About Core Values NSA Freedom of Information Act Classified Materiel Conversion DNI.gov

. . a: Privacy Act Requests Commercial Solutions for
Leadership Operating Authorities Y q Classified Program (CSfC) Defense.gov

Cybersecurity Collaboration Civil Liberties, Privacy, & Request a Speaker

Center Cryptographic Support Services IC on the Record

Transparency Office

Prepublication Review

National Cryptologic Museum Media Destruction Guidance Intelligence.gov

Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, & ;
Contact NSA Accessibility Media Inquiry NSA Open Source
Accessibility General Counsel Frequently Asked Questions NSA Exhibit Roadshow
ABA Notice NSA Inspector General

Site Policies

Privacy & Security Links Disclaimer Section508 WebPolicy Plain WritingAct DODIG NoFEARAct ImageryUse FOIA OpenGOV_ Strategic Plan USA.gov Small Business Act Site Map

Hosted by Defense Media Activity - WEB.mil
