An official website of the United States government Here's how you know

| National Security Agency/Central security Service About PressRoom Careers History Search NSA

HOME > PRESS ROOM > PRESS RELEASES & STATEMENTS > PRESS RELEASE VIEW

PRESS RELEASE | Nov. 15, 2001

NSA Statement Regarding
"Reported" Reductions in Force

Press accounts of 400 National Security Agency (NSA) employees
preparing for lay-offs are not based on official NSA statements. An
assumption that a reduction in force is inevitable is premature, and
estimates of the number of employees possibly affected by a reduction
in force are speculative.

As part of its transformation, NSA continues to look at ways to focus its
government resources directly onto the core missions of providing
foreign signals intelligence and protecting national security-related
information systems. In this regard, NSA is currently examining the
organization, to include the Installations and Logistics arena, for
downsizing, potential outsourcing, and business process reengineering.

In order to prepare any employees who have the potential to be
involuntarily separated, the workforce has been made aware of the
discussions concerning what areas may be impacted. No furthe
decisions have been made.

As part of our manpower management strategy, several voluntary
separation programs will run through June 2002. For example, NSA will
offer an unrestricted, incentivized early retirement opportunity for nearly
all Agency employees, resignation incentives for some skill areas, and an
early out with no incentive. NSA will also be providing extensive transition
and outplacement services for employees who may be impacted.

Only as a last resort, NSA will implement involuntary separation
programs (i.e., reduction in force), in selected non-mission areas, if
necessary, late in Fiscal Year 2002.

SA‘s workforce is very dedicated, especially during this time of national
ocus on combating terrorism. During the Agency's transformation, we
are ensuring that any decisions made that may affect members of the
workforce are communicated to the employees. As we are looking into
ransforming the Installations and Logistics organization, we are at an
early stage and no formal decisions have been made. Once a formal
strategy is in place, we will have more information to provide. During this
ime, we will continue to keep the workforce informed about issues that
may affect them.

2001 transparency Press Release news National Security Agency
NSA

NSA.GOV CULTURE HELPFUL LINKS RESOURCES RELATED LINKS

About Core Values NSA Freedom of Information Act Classified Materiel Conversion DNI.gov

. . a: Privacy Act Requests Commercial Solutions for
Leadership Operating Authorities Y q Classified Program (CSfC) Defense.gov

Cybersecurity Collaboration Civil Liberties, Privacy, & Request a Speaker

Center Cryptographic Support Services IC on the Record

\Meisioeiteinesy Ones Prepublication Review

National Cryptologic Museum Media Destruction Guidance Intelligence.gov

Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, & ;
Contact NSA Accessibility Media Inquiry NSA Open Source
Accessibility General Counsel Frequently Asked Questions NSA Exhibit Roadshow
ABA Notice NSA Inspector General

Site Policies

Privacy & Security Links Disclaimer Section508 WebPolicy Plain WritingAct DODIG NoFEARAct ImageryUse FOIA OpenGOV_ Strategic Plan USA.gov Small Business Act Site Map

Hosted by Defense Media Activity - WEB.mil
