An official website of the United States government Here's how you know

National Security Agency/Central security Service About PressRoom Careers History Search NSA

HOME > PRESS ROOM > PRESS RELEASES & STATEMENTS > PRESS RELEASE VIEW
PRESS RELEASE | Jan. 7, 2000

Director of National Security
Agency Welcomes Ms. Beverly
Wright, Chief Financial Manager

Lt Gen Michael V. Hayden, USAF, Director, National Security Agency, has
created a new executive-level Chief Financial Manager (CFM) position
and has hired an external financial expert to fill the role. Ms. Beverly
Wright has been appointed CFM and Advisor to the Director's Executive
Leadership Team (ELT) and assumed those duties on 6 January 2000.

"lam very pleased that Ms. Wright has joined the NSA team. Her 26 years
of experience in the financial industry has been marked with exceptional

accomplishments,’ Hayden said. "We are confident Ms. Wright will bring
o NSA the best financial practices in industry today."

s. Wright earned her MBA from Harvard Business School in 1974 and
her BA from Wellesley College in 1970. She held various Syndicated Loan
Origination and Investment Banking positions before becoming the Chief
Financial Officer of Alex. Brown, Inc. in 1986. When Alex. Brown merged
with Bankers Trust, Ms. Wright became Chief Financial Officer of the new
firm, BT Alex. Brown, Inc. Her impressive credentials in the investment-
banking world were further emphasized in her most recent capacity as
Chief Financial Officer of Legg Mason Wood Walker, Inc., in Baltimore,

s. Wright's arrival to NSA is the result of Lt Gen Hayden's newly
implemented "100 days of change." During this initiative, Lt Gen Hayden is
instituting changes that will ensure that NSA has the agility and expertise
o continue its long tradition of preserving national security for the
American people. Challenges to be addressed include: maintaining a
strong infrastructure of people and facilities in a time of constrained
budgets; accurately forecasting technology trends in the face of an
explosion of information systems; and reacting agilely to new
echnological innovations.

By hiring an expert from the financial industry, Lt Gen Hayden intends to
improve the Agency's fiscal budgeting process. "! believe that Ms. Wright
will provide the NSA ELT the expertise to implement changes to improve
our financial processes," Hayden said. "The long-term result is a strong
infrastructure driven by mission and supported by skillful budget

al

decisions."
2000 transparency Press Release news National Security Agency
NSA Beverly Wright Chief Financial Manager Michael Hayden
Harfard Business School Wellesley Alex. Brown Executive Leadership Team

Legg Mason Leadership

NSA.GOV CULTURE HELPFUL LINKS RESOURCES RELATED LINKS
About Core Values NSA Freedom of Information Act Classified Materiel Conversion DNI.gov

. . a: Privacy Act Requests Commercial Solutions for
Leadership Operating Authorities Y q Classified Program (CSfC) Defense.gov

Cybersecurity Collaboration Civil Liberties, Privacy, & Request a Speaker Cryptographic Support Services IC on the Record

Center Transparency Office p blication Revi
Notional Cryptoloate Museum republication Review Media Destruction Guidance Intelligence.gov

Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, &

Contact NSA Accessibility Media Inquiry NSA Open Source
Frequently Asked Questions NSA Exhibit Roadshow

Accessibility General Counsel
ABA Notice NSA Inspector General

Site Policies

Privacy & Security Links Disclaimer Section508 WebPolicy Plain WritingAct DODIG NoFEARAct ImageryUse FOIA OpenGOV_ Strategic Plan USA.gov Small Business Act Site Map

Hosted by Defense Media Activity - WEB.mil
