= An official website of the United States government Here's how you know

| National Security Agency/Central security Service About PressRoom Careers History Search NSA

HOME > PRESS ROOM > PRESS RELEASES & STATEMENTS > PRESS RELEASE VIEW

PRESS RELEASE | April 14, 2000

NSA Announces Centers of
Academic Excellence in Information
Assurance Education for the Year
2000

Universities will be formally recognized during a presentation at the
Fourth Annual Conference of the National Colloquium for Information
Systems Security Education, which will be held in the Doyle Hotel,
Washington, DC, May 23-25, 2000. The colloquium conference provides a
forum for key figures in government, industry, and academia to address
current and emerging requirements in information assurance education,
and to encourage the development and expansion of curricula, especially
at the graduate and undergraduate levels. For more information about
he event, please refer to http://www.infosec.jmu.edu/ncisse.

Designations were granted following a rigorous review of university
applications by review board members from NSA, industry, and
academia. The board assessed applications against established criteria
hat measure the depth and maturity of information assurance programs,
and are rooted in National Security Telecommunications and Information
Systems Security Committee (NSTISSC) Training Standards. The

STISSC is an intergovernmental organization that sets policy for the
security of national security systems. For more information about the

STISSC, please see http://www.cnss.gov.

Last year, George Mason University, James Madison University, Purdue
University, Idaho State University, lowa State University, University of
California at Davis, and the University of Idaho were named Centers of
Academic Excellence in Information Assurance Education during the first
annual program offering. Universities receiving this distinction are eligible
to participate in the Scholarship for Service (SFS) Program announced in
the President's National Plan for Information Systems Protection,
January 2000 (http://www.ciao.gov). Under the SFS Program, the
government pays for graduate or undergraduate studies meeting
established information assurance standards, in return for a
predetermined student commitment to federal government service.

The NSA established the Centers of Academic Excellence in Information
Assurance Education Program in an effort to promote higher education in
information assurance, and increase the number of individuals with this
expertise. A June 1999 Department of Commerce Report, The Digital
Workforce, estimates that the U.S. will require more than 1.3 million new
highly skilled information technology workers between 1996 and 2006.
The National Plan for Information Systems Protection also addresses
this critical shortage, and further highlights the acute shortage in the
subset of trained information systems security personnel. The National
Plan recognizes training and education as key solutions in defending
America's cyberspace and establishes the Federal Cyber Services
Training and Education Initiative to address the shortage. The Centers of
Academic Excellence in Information Assurance Education Program is an
example of the outreach and partnership efforts called for in the National
Plan.

The program is managed by the Information Systems Security
Organization of NSA, which provides the solutions, products and
services, and conducts defensive information operations to achieve
information assurance for information infrastructures critical to U.S.
national security interests.

2000 transparency Press Release news National Security Agency
NSA centers of academic excellence cae Information Assurance
Carnegie Mellon University Florida State University Information Resources
Management College national defense university Naval Postgraduate School
stanford university University of Illinois at Urbana - Champaign University of Tulsa
National Colloquium for Information Systems Security Education National Security
Telecommunications and Information Systems Security Committee NSTISSC
Training workforce Education Cyber security systems

NSA.GOV CULTURE HELPFUL LINKS RESOURCES RELATED LINKS
About Core Values NSA Freedom of Information Act Classified Materiel Conversion DNI.gov

. . a: Privacy Act Requests Commercial Solutions for
Leadership Operating Authorities Y q Classified Program (CSfC) Defense.gov

Cybersecurity Collaboration Civil Liberties, Privacy, & Request a Speaker

Cent Cryptographic Support Services IC on the Record
emer Transparency Office

Prepublication Review

National Cryptologic Museum Media Destruction Guidance Intelligence.gov

Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, &

Contact NSA Accessibility Media Inquiry NSA Open Source

Accessibility General Counsel Frequently Asked Questions NSA Exhibit Roadshow

ABA Notice NSA Inspector General

Site Policies

Privacy & Security Links Disclaimer Section508 WebPolicy Plain WritingAct DODIG NoFEARAct ImageryUse FOIA OpenGOV_ Strategic Plan USA.gov Small Business Act Site Map

Hosted by Defense Media Activity - WEB.mil
