An official website of the United States government Here's how you know

| National Security Agency/Central security Service About PressRoom Careers History Search NSA

HOME > PRESS ROOM > PRESS RELEASES & STATEMENTS > PRESS RELEASE VIEW

PRESS RELEASE | Feb. 16, 2000

NSA and NIST Announce the First
International Common Criteria
Conference

An exciting lineup of key speakers and discussion tracks highlight the
first International Common Criteria Conference, co-sponsored by the
ational Security Agency and the National Institute of Standards and
Technology, to be held May 23-25 at the Baltimore Convention Center,
Baltimore, Maryland. This first-ever conference will bring together
government, academic, and industry representatives from around the
world to learn more about this new international standard and how it can
be effectively used to help build more secure information systems and
echnologies worldwide.

a

Four conference discussion tracks are geared toward providing

attendees, from novices to policy makers to evaluation experts, with the
most up-to-date, accurate, and complete information on the Common
Criteria process. In addition, two senior industry representatives will
discuss their views on IT security and the need for certified products. Mr.
Lance Johnson, the Senior Vice President for Security at VISA
nternational, Inc., will present the Keynote Address on May 23. The
Banquet Address will by given on May 24 by Mr. Doug Bayer, the Di
of Windows NT Security at Microsoft.

ector

The Common Criteria became an international standard, ISO Standard
15408, in Spring 1999. The standard specifies a common language for
consumers to convey their IT security requirements to IT produc
developers and a common evaluation criteria to assess what the
developers have produced. This evaluation criteria has led to an
arrangement wherein participating countries will honor the IT security
evaluations performed by each country. Representatives from the
participating countries, as well as their national implementation scheme
administrators, accredited commercial testing laboratories, producers
and consumers of information technology products, acquisition
authorities and information assurance professionals are expected to
attend the conference.

nthe United States, private laboratories accredited by the Nationa
nformation Assurance Partnership (NIAP) conduct the Common Criteria-
based product evaluations. The NIAP is a partnership between the NIST
and NSA to enhance the quality of information security products and
increase confidence in those products that have been evaluated
objectively.

For additional information or to register for this Conference, call 301-975-
4513, or visit the Conference web site at http://niap.nist.gov/iccc.

2000 transparency Press Release news National Security Agency
NSA First International Common Criteria Conference National Institute of
Standards and Technology NIST Information systems technology
Common Criteria ISO Standard 15408 National Information Assurance Partnership
NIAP Information Assurance

NSA.GOV CULTURE HELPFUL LINKS RESOURCES RELATED LINKS
About Core Values NSA Freedom of Information Act Classified Materiel Conversion DNI.gov

. . a: Privacy Act Requests Commercial Solutions for
Leadership Operating Authorities Y q Classified Program (CSfC) Defense.gov

Cybersecurity Collaboration Civil Liberties, Privacy, & Request a Speaker

Center Cryptographic Support Services IC on the Record

Transparency Office

Prepublication Review

National Cryptologic Museum Media Destruction Guidance Intelligence.gov

Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, & ;
Contact NSA Accessibility Media Inquiry NSA Open Source
Accessibility General Counsel Frequently Asked Questions NSA Exhibit Roadshow
ABA Notice NSA Inspector General

Site Policies

Privacy & Security Links Disclaimer Section508 WebPolicy Plain WritingAct DODIG NoFEARAct ImageryUse FOIA OpenGOV_ Strategic Plan USA.gov Small Business Act Site Map

Hosted by Defense Media Activity - WEB.mil
