An official website of the United States government Here's how you know

National Security Agency/Central security Service About PressRoom Careers History

NSA.GOV
About

Leadership

Cybersecurity Collaboration
Center

National Cryptologic Museum
Contact NSA

Accessibility

ABA Notice

Site Policies

Privacy & Security — Links Disclaimer

HOME > PRESS ROOM > PRESS RELEASES & STATEMENTS > PRESS RELEASE VIEW

PRESS RELEASE | April 6, 2011

NSA/CSS Inducts Four Pioneers
into the National Cryptologic
Museun’s Hall of Honor

FORT MEADE, Md. —
Four pioneers of American cryptology were inducted into the NSA/CSS
Hall of Honor today at the National Cryptologic Museum. In his keynote
remarks during the induction ceremony, John C. Inglis, Deputy Director,
National Security Agency, highlighted the distinguished achievements of
each of the inductees:

¢ Mr. Joseph Amato was an innovative manager whose knowledge,
management expertise, and vision enhanced crucial collection
resources and analytic efforts concerning a major threat to U.S.
security during the Cold War.
Mr. David Boak was a communications security professional who
developed new schemes for determining the strength of cryptographic
equipment and was particularly known for his series of lectures known
as the "Boak Papers," a collected work often compared in scope and
influence with William Friedman's famous lectures on communications
intelligence.
e Ms. Genevieve Grotjan Feinstein was a brilliant cryptanalyst whose
findings led to breaking the Japanese code, PURPLE, in time for World
War Il and later decrypting the Russian KGB messages during the Cold
War while working on the VENONA project.
e Mr. Leo Rosen was a pioneer in machine processing systems whose
work was exemplified by his creation of a device that duplicated the
function of the Japanese machine cipher system known as "Purple"
and laid the foundation for much of the future U.S. excellence in
cryptologic technology.

The Hall of Honor, created in 1999, pays tribute to the pioneers and
heroes who have made significant and enduring contributions to
American cryptology. For more information on the NSA/CSS Hall of
Honor or the National Cryptologic Museum, visit the NCM homepage at
NSA.gov.

The National Cryptologic Museum is located at the intersection of
aryland Route 32 and the Baltimore-Washington Parkway (I-295),
adjacent to the headquarters of the National Security Agency. Hours of
operation are 9:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. Monday through Friday (except
ederal holidays), and 10:00 a.m. to 2:00 p.m. on the 1st and 3rd
Saturdays of each month. Admission is free.

2011 Press Release joseph amato david boak Genevieve Grotjan
Feinstein leo rosen amato boak grotjan Feinstein rosen hall of
honor hoh cryptology cryptologic museum

CULTURE HELPFUL LINKS RESOURCES RELATED LINKS
Core Values NSA Freedom of Information Act Classified Materiel Conversion DNI.gov

Privacy Act Requests Commercial Solutions for Def
Classified Program (CSfC) erense.gov

Cryptographic Support Services IC on the Record

Operating Authorities

Civil Liberties, Privacy, & Request a Speaker

Transparency Office p blication Revi
, 7 ; 7 Ke PUIG oN INENISU Media Destruction Guidance Intelligence.gov
Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, & ;

Accessibility Media Inquiry NSA Open Source

Frequently Asked Questions

General Counsel NSA Exhibit Roadshow

NSA Inspector General

Section 508 WebPolicy Plain WritingAct DODIG NoFEARAct ImageryUse FOIA OpenGOV_ Strategic Plan USA.gov Small Business Act Site Map

Hosted by Defense Media Activity - WEB.mil

Search NSA

