= An official website of the United States government Here's how you know

| National Security Agency/Central security Service About PressRoom Careers History Search NSA

HOME > PRESS ROOM > PRESS RELEASES & STATEMENTS > PRESS RELEASE VIEW

PRESS RELEASE | Nov. 5, 2019

Joint Statement from DOJ, DOD,
DHS, DNI, FBI, NSA, and CISA on
Ensuring Security of 2020 Elections

WASHINGTON -

Election security remains NSA‘ top priority as Americans prepare to cast
their ballots today in local elections and also in next year's presidential
elections.

The Department of Justice, Department of Defense, Department of
Homeland Security, Department of National Intelligence, Federal Bureau
of Investigation, National Security Agency and the Cybersecurity and
Infrastructure Security Agency issued a joint statement Tuesday
highlighting a whole-of-government effort to protect elections from the
interference of foreign adversaries.

Today marks exactly 52 weeks until the 2020 presidential elections.

‘It's not enough to just know and understand what our adversaries are
doing-the Nation expects us to do something about it," NSA Elections
Security Lead David Imbordino said. ‘Enabling our partners with the right
information at the right classification level they need to take action to
defend our democracy against these threats is essential and allows all of
the tools of government to be employed in this fight."

Joint Statement from DOJ, DOD, DHS, DNI, FBI, NSA, and CISA on
Ensuring Security of 2020 Elections

Attorney General William Barr, Secretary of Defense Mark Esper, Acting
Secretary of Homeland Security Kevin McAleenan, Acting Director of
ational Intelligence Joseph Maguire, FBI Director Christopher Wray, U.S.
yber Command Commander and NSA Director Gen. Paul Nakasone,
and CISA Director Christopher Krebs today released the following joint
atement:

9)

n

“Today, dozens of states and local jurisdictions are hosting their own

elections across the country and, less than a year from now, Americans
will go to the polls and cast their votes in the 2020 presidential election.
Election security is a top priority for the United States Government.
Building on our successful, whole-of-government approach to securing
the 2018 elections, we have increased the level of support to state and
local election officials in their efforts to protect elections. The federa
government is prioritizing the sharing of threat intelligence and providing
support and services that improve the security of election infrastructure
across the nation.

In an unprecedented level of coordination, the U.S. government is
working with all 50 states and U.S. territories, local officials, and private
sector partners to identify threats, broadly share information, and protect
the democratic process. We remain firm in our commitment to quickly
share timely and actionable information, provide support and services,
and to defend against any threats to our democracy.

Our adversaries want to undermine our democratic institutions, influence
public sentiment and affect government policies. Russia, China, Iran, and
other foreign malicious actors all will seek to interfere in the voting
process or influence voter perceptions. Adversaries may try to

accomplish their goals through a variety of means, including social
media campaigns, directing disinformation operations or conducting
disruptive or destructive cyber-attacks on state and local infrastructure.

While at this time we have no evidence of a compromise or disruption to
election infrastructure that would enable adversaries to prevent voting,
change vote counts or disrupt the ability to tally votes, we continue to
vigilantly monitor any threats to U.S. elections.

The U.S. government will defend our democracy and maintain
transparency with the American public about our efforts. An informed
public is a resilient public. Americans should go to trusted sources for
election information, such as their state and local election officials. We
encourage every American to report any suspicious activity to their local
officials, the FBI, or DHS. In past election cycles, reporting by Americans
about suspicious activity provided valuable insight which has made our
elections more secure. The greatest means to combat these threats is a
whole-of-society effort.”

Tae

Related Documents
STATEMENT ON ENSURING SECURITY OF 2020 ELECTIONS.PDF

election security

NSA.GOV CULTURE HELPFUL LINKS RESOURCES RELATED LINKS
About Core Values NSA Freedom of Information Act Classified Materiel Conversion DNI.gov

Privacy Act Requests Commercial Solutions for Def
Classified Program (CSfC) erense.gov

Cryptographic Support Services IC on the Record

Leadership Operating Authorities

Cybersecurity Collaboration Civil Liberties, Privacy, & Request a Speaker

Center Transparency Office p blication Revi
Notional Cryptoloate Museum republication Review Media Destruction Guidance Intelligence.gov

Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, &

Contact NSA Accessibility Media Inquiry NSA Open Source

Accessibility General Counsel Frequently Asked Questions NSA Exhibit Roadshow

ABA Notice NSA Inspector General

Site Policies

Ye
Privacy & Security Links Disclaimer Section508 WebPolicy Plain WritingAct DODIG NoFEARAct ImageryUse FOIA OpenGOV_ Strategic Plan USA.gov Small Business Act Site Map f y in EY

Hosted by Defense Media Activity - WEB.mil
