= An official website of the United States government Here's how you know

About PressRoom Careers History Search NSA

HOME > PRESS ROOM > PRESS RELEASES & STATEMENTS > PRESS RELEASE VIEW

y CYBERSECURITY

CYBERSECURITY
ADVISORY

PRESS RELEASE | July 23, 2020

Protect Operational Technologies
and Control Systems against Cyber
Attacks

NSA

FT. MEADE, Md. —-

Cyber actors have demonstrated their willingness to conduct cyber-
attacks against critical infrastructure by exploiting Internet-accessible
Operational Technology (OT) assets. Due to the increase in adversary
capabilities and activities, the criticality to U.S. national security and way
of life, and the vulnerability of OT systems, civilian infrastructure makes
attractive targets for foreign powers attempting to harm to US interests
or retaliate for perceived US aggression.

Today, the National Security Agency and Cybersecurity and Infrastructure
Security Agency released an advisory for critical infrastructure OT and
ICS assets to be aware of current threats we observe, prioritize assessing
their cybersecurity defenses and take appropriate action to secure their
systems.

"Operational technology assets are pervasive and underpin many
essential national security functions, as well as the Defense Industrial
Base," Anne Neuberger, Director of NSA’s Cybersecurity Directorate noted.
"We encourage all stakeholders to apply our joint recommendations with
DHS CISA."

"As we've Said many times, our adversaries are capable, imaginative and
aim to disrupt essential services, so it is important that we make sure we
are staying ahead of them." Bryan Ware, Assistant Director for
Cybersecurity, CISA. "Our goal at CISA is to lead and encourage a
proactive 'whole community’ assessment and response to significant
threats and ensure we provide the right tools and services at the righ
time.

=>

NSA and CISA continue to collaborate on cybersecurity issues and share
information about how to best secure National Security Systems,
Department of Defense systems, and the Defense Industrial Base as well
as other critical infrastructure, against foreign threats, ultimately keeping
America and our allies safe.

For more detailed information, please review the joint advisory, which
includes recently observed tactics, techniques, and procedures, as well
as related recommendations.

NSA.GOV CULTURE HELPFUL LINKS RESOURCES RELATED LINKS
About Core Values NSA Freedom of Information Act Classified Materiel Conversion DNI.gov

. . a: Privacy Act Requests Commercial Solutions for
Leadership Operating Authorities Y q Classified Program (CSfC) Defense.gov

Cybersecurity Collaboration Civil Liberties, Privacy, & Request a Speaker

Cent Cryptographic Support Services IC on the Record
emer Transparency Office

Prepublication Review

National Cryptologic Museum Media Destruction Guidance Intelligence.gov

Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, & ;
Contact NSA Accessibility Media Inquiry NSA Open Source

Accessibility General Counsel Frequently Asked Questions NSA Exhibit Roadshow
ABA Notice NSA Inspector General

Site Policies

Privacy & Security Links Disclaimer Section508 WebPolicy Plain WritingAct DODIG NoFEARAct ImageryUse FOIA OpenGOV_ Strategic Plan USA.gov Small Business Act Site Map

Hosted by Defense Media Activity - WEB.mil
