An official website of the United States government Here's how you know

About PressRoom Careers History Search NSA

HOME > PRESS ROOM > PRESS RELEASES & STATEMENTS > PRESS RELEASE VIEW

y CYBERSECURITY

CYBERSECURITY
INFORMATION

PRESS RELEASE | Aug. 4, 2020

How Mobile Device Users Can Limit
Their Location Data Exposure
NSA

FORT MEADE, Md. —

The National Security Agency released a Limiting Location Data Exposure
Cybersecurity Information Sheet (CSI!) today to guide National Security
System (NSS) and Department of Defense (DoD) mobile device users on
how they might reduce risk associated with sharing sensitive location
data. The guide summarizes how and why mobile devices expose
ocation data and explains potential risk that comes with using them. It
provides mitigations to limit the sharing of this information, but warns
here is no solution to fully mitigate a mobile device from being located.

obile devices, from smart phones to tablets to fi

tness trackers, have become

intertwined in many people's lives over the last decade, providing numerous

benefits and becoming almost indispensable. However, the benefits and

convenience can come at a cost. Mobile devices store and share valuable location

data by design. This data can reveal details about the number of users in a

ocation, user and supply movements, daily routines and can expose otherwise

unknown associations between users and locations.

A cell phone begins exposing location data the second it is powered on
because it inherently trusts cellular networks and providers. Devices’
location data, from GPS to Wi-Fi or Bluetooth connections, may be
acquired by others with or without the user or provider's consent.
Anything that sends and receives wireless signals has location risks
similar to phones, including Internet of Things (loT) devices, vehicles and
many products with “smart” included in the name.

Each user must assess what level of risk they are willing to accept
regarding location tracking. The CSI offers mitigations for those with
location sensitivities and for those whose mission dictates they must not
reveal their location.

cybersecurity CsI cybersecurity information

NSA.GOV CULTURE HELPFUL LINKS RESOURCES RELATED LINKS
About Core Values NSA Freedom of Information Act Classified Materiel Conversion DNI.gov

. . a: Privacy Act Requests Commercial Solutions for
Leadership Operating Authorities Y q Classified Program (CSfC) Defense.gov

Cybersecurity Collaboration Civil Liberties, Privacy, & Request a Speaker

Center Cryptographic Support Services IC on the Record

Transparency Office

Prepublication Review

National Cryptologic Museum Media Destruction Guidance Intelligence.gov

Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, & ;
Contact NSA Accessibility Media Inquiry NSA Open Source
Accessibility General Counsel Frequently Asked Questions NSA Exhibit Roadshow
ABA Notice NSA Inspector General

Site Policies

Privacy & Security Links Disclaimer Section508 WebPolicy Plain WritingAct DODIG NoFEARAct ImageryUse FOIA OpenGOV_ Strategic Plan USA.gov Small Business Act Site Map

Hosted by Defense Media Activity - WEB.mil
