= An official website of the United States government Here's how you know

About PressRoom Careers History

HOME > PRESS ROOM > PRESS RELEASES & STATEMENTS > PRESS RELEASE VIEW

PRESS RELEASE | April 30, 2021

Unique Competitive Advantages
Drive Secretary of Defense Lloyd
Austin's Visit to NSAW

FT. MEADE, Md. —-

Secretary of Defense Lloyd J. Austin III got a firsthand look into the
offensive and defensive cyberspace operations in an eventful afternoon
at NSA-Washington’s East Campus on Tuesday. It was the retired four-
star Army general's first official visit to U.S. Cyber Command
(USCYBERCOM) and NSA as Secretary of Defense.

In addition to interacting with Cyber National Mission Force (CNMF) at
Lasswell Hall, he spent several hours across the street inside the
Battle Bridge at the Integrated Cyber Center (ICC) receiving insight
into Command and Agency leadership missions and capabilities,
discussing strategic competition with China and Russia, and focusing
on the planned withdrawal of American troops from Afghanistan.

“Thanks to the entire team for hosting this today,” Mr. Austin said in Secretary of Defense Lloyd J. Austin Ill arrives at the

. Integrated Cyber Center with US CYBERCOM C f
opening. “I know that you are very busy and | know that as we speak, eee EEN ommancer

there are ongoing operations that you’re trying to stay abreast of. [I and NSA Director Genefel Paul Nekasone.
also know] that you’re trying to stay in front of our adversaries who do

incredible things each and every day ... We have to stay 10 steps ahead [of the

adversary], and we have to keep up with not only what they’re thinking, but what

their intent is going forward.”

GEN Paul M. Nakasone, Commander, U.S. Cyber Command, Director,
NSA/Chief, CSS, alongside USCYBERCOM Deputy Commander LT
GEN Charles L. Moore Jr., and NSA Deputy Director George Barnes,
delivered an overview of the Command and Agency’s unique missions
and competitive advantages.

“I think that’s a big contributor to make sure that the right environment
is here, and that if you come to a place like NSA or Cyber Command,

you’re contributing to the security of the Nation and you’re going to do

Cybercom Commander and NSA Director General Paul things that are very unique here,” GEN Nakasone said.
Nakasone briefs Secretary of Defense Lloyd J. Austin III in

the Integrated Cyber Center. . ae
Mr. Austin, the former head of U.S. Central Command, the military

combat command responsible for the Middle East, including lraq and
Afghanistan, agreed.

“I distinctly remember back in 2003 in Afghanistan we were huddled in a small
tent with a couple of your guys giving us great information and providing a great
service,” he told GEN Nakasone. “[NSA] is right there on the cutting edge [of
technology], and in those days it was the wild, Wild West in Afghanistan.”

Command and Agency China and Russia subject matter experts provided short
briefings into the actions and activities the organizations are taking to posture
the Department of Defense to win in strategic competition.

NSA Cybersecurity Director Rob Joyce closed the ICC portion of the visit with a
hands-on look at the Agency’s effort of making the keys and codes to ensure
national security. “Code making is key to our ability to ensure force lethality,” Mr.
Joyce said. “When we get it wrong we put our forces at risk.”

Mr. Austin’s trip to NSA marked the latest in a series of official visits to NSA’s
new East Campus by high-level national security officials over the past several
months, including the Secretary of Homeland Security and the Director of
National Intelligence.

“My job as Secretary of Defense is to defend this Nation and protect our
interests,” Mr. Austin said in closing to a large group assembled inside Lasswell
Hall. “You play a critical role in that effort ... and it has tremendous effects on
our operations. I‘ve been on the other end of this, I’ve asked for your capabilities

to help enhance what we’re doing on the ground and it does have effects, it

does have meaning, and | just want to say thanks for what you’re doing. Secretary of Defense Lloyd J. Austin Ill

walking with US Cybercom Commander

and NSA Director General Paul Nakasone

SecDef NSA Nakasone Austin Ill at the Integrated Cyber Center.

NSA.GOV CULTURE HELPFUL LINKS RESOURCES RELATED LINKS
About Core Values NSA Freedom of Information Act Classified Materiel Conversion DNI.gov

. . a: Privacy Act Requests Commercial Solutions for
Leadership Operating Authorities y q Classified Program (CSfC) Defense.gov

Cybersecurity Collaboration Civil Liberties, Privacy, & Request a Speaker

Cent Cryptographic Support Services IC on the Record
emer Transparency Office

Prepublication Review

National Cryptologic Museum Media Destruction Guidance Intelligence.gov

Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, &

Contact NSA Accessibility Media Inquiry NSA Open Source

Accessibility General Counsel Frequently Asked Questions NSA Exhibit Roadshow

ABA Notice NSA Inspector General

Site Policies

Ye
Privacy & Security Links Disclaimer Section508 WebPolicy Plain WritingAct DODIG NoFEARAct ImageryUse FOIA OpenGOV_ Strategic Plan USA.gov Small Business Act Site Map f vw ribe in >)

Hosted by Defense Media Activity - WEB.mil
