E | National Security Agency/Central security Service About PressRoom Careers __ History Search NSA

An official website of the United States government

PRESS RELEASE VIEW

2021

NSA Cybersecurity
Year in Review

PRESS RELEASE | Feb. 3, 2022

NSA Releases 2021 Cybersecurity
Year in Review

FORT MEADE, Md. — The National Security Agency released the

today to highlight how its
cybersecurity mission continues to prevent and eradicate threats to the
nation's most critical systems.

The Year in Review shows the breadth of the NSA's cybersecurity mission
from securing key Department of Defense weapons and space systems,
o collaborating with industry analysts to better protect the Defense
ndustrial Base, to issuing actionable cybersecurity guidance that helps
network defenders protect our most sensitive systems from adversary
hreats.

‘While many of our mission successes must remain classified, I'm proud
hat we can showcase how NSA Cybersecurity helps contribute to
securing the nation in this report," said Rob Joyce, NSA Cybersecurity
Director. "The successes really show the value NSA Cybersecurity
delivers through its foreign threat intelligence insights, partnerships and
expertise."

Highlights include:

¢ Working with partners to respond to national-level threats, such as
SolarWinds and multiple ransomware attacks on U.S. critical
infrastructure
¢ Standing up the NSA Cybersecurity Collaboration Center, an
unclassified space where NSA Cybersecurity experts collaborate with
industry and interagency partners to reduce the attack surface to the
Defense Industrial Base and ensure the nation's sensitive intellectua
property, military research and innovative technical economy are
protected at scale

¢ Discovering and disclosing vulnerabilities to industry, such as critica
vulnerabilities to Microsoft Exchange
Releasing 23 public cybersecurity reports that help net defenders
secure systems from threats and vulnerabilities, including a dozen in
partnership with U.S. and allied partners
Working with the Department of Defense and U.S. military services to
assess, prioritize and mitigate vulnerabilities in critical U.S. weapons
and space systems
Delivering updated cryptographic devices to protect National Security
Systems from potential adversary quantum computing attacks
Combining with the National Science Foundation to host 156 K-12
summer cybersecurity camps that educated more than 3,500 students
and more than 800 educators

, and

Related Stories

Related Press Advisories

NSA.GOV CULTURE HELPFUL LINKS RESOURCES RELATED LINKS

About Core Values NSA Freedom of Information Act Classified Materiel Conversion DNI.gov

. . a: Privacy Act Requests Commercial Solutions for
Leadership Operating Authorities y q Classified Program (CSfC) Defense.gov

Cybersecurity Collaboration Civil Liberties, Privacy, & Request a Speaker

Center Cryptographic Support Services IC on the Record

Transparency Office

Prepublication Review

National Cryptologic Museum Media Destruction Guidance Intelligence.gov

Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, &
Contact NSA Accessibility Media Inquiry NSA Open Source
Accessibility General Counsel Frequently Asked Questions NSA Exhibit Roadshow
ABA Notice NSA Inspector General

Site Policies

Ye
Privacy & Security Links Disclaimer Section508 WebPolicy Plain WritingAct DODIG NoFEARAct ImageryUse FOIA OpenGOV_ Strategic Plan USA.gov Small Business Act Site Map f vy rite in >)

Hosted by Defense Media Activity - WEB.mil
