An official website of the United States government Here's how you know

National Security Agency/Central security Service About PressRoom Careers History

HOME > PRESS ROOM > PRESS RELEASES & STATEMENTS > PRESS RELEASE VIEW

CODEBREAKER BAU /73
Z021 WINNER

Georgia

yleche

PRESS RELEASE | Feb. 18, 2022

Georgia Institute of Technology
wins the 2021 NSA Codebreaker
Challenge

FORT MEADE, Md. — Today, the National Security Agency announced
Georgia Institute of Technology, University of North Georgia and Oregon
State University as the first, second and third place winners of the 2021
SA Codebreaker Challenge (CBC). CBC is an annual cryptanalysis and
everse engineering challenge that is open to students at U.S.-based
academic institutions. Each year the challenge offers students a realistic,
SA mission-centric scenario that typifies the work that NSA performs
daily in its role defending of the Nation.

nitially launched in 2013 with five participating schools, this year's CBC
hosted participants from 631 academic institutions. The 2021 challenge
involved a fictitious compromise to the Defense Industrial Base's
network, which NSA helps to defend. Over the course of the challenge,
students worked to identify the scope of the fictitious compromise,
analyze the malicious actor's tradecraft and protocol and worked to gain
access to the malicious actor's infrastructure in an effort to uncover
additional details about the actor's activities.

During the challenge, participants worked independently to solve
increasingly complex tasks. NSA provided direction and tips through
virtual exchanges that shared tools and concepts to help solve the
increasingly difficult tasks. Only 42 of the CBC's 5,464 participants
completed the entire challenge within the allotted timeframe.

Pamela Jock, NSA's Chief of Academic Engagement stated that "the CBC
has led to increased interest in cybersecurity careers at NSA and
influenced cyber education curriculums at a few schools who have
incorporated CBC into their Fall courses. This collaboration has the
potential of sharpening individual cyber student skill sets as well as
strengthening the rigor of cyber education programs nationally. "

SA congratulates the solvers, winning schools, top performers, and all
participants of the 2021 Codebreaker Challenge. The 2021 Codebreaker
Challenge ran from 2 August 2021 through 4 January 2022. For more
information about the Codebreaker Challenge see: https://nsa-
codebreaker.org/FAQ.

Related Stories

University of North Georgia Recognized for Crushing Codebreaker Success

2021 Codebreaker Challenge Codebreaker challenge

NSA.GOV CULTURE HELPFUL LINKS RESOURCES RELATED LINKS
About Core Values NSA Freedom of Information Act Classified Materiel Conversion DNI.gov

Privacy Act Requests Commercial Solutions for

Classified Program (CSfC) Defense.gov
oa Collaboration Coll LUetSinuss [FTN RSG) eG Cryptographic Support Services I@onthe Record
Transparency Office

Leadership Operating Authorities

National Cryptologic Museum Prepublication Review Media Destruction Guidance Intelligence.gov

Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, &

Contact NSA Accessibility Media Inquiry NSA Open Source

Accessibility General Counsel Frequently Asked Questions NSA Exhibit Roadshow
ABA Notice NSA Inspector General

Site Policies

Privacy & Security Links Disclaimer Section508 WebPolicy Plain WritingAct DODIG NoFEARAct ImageryUse FOIA OpenGOV_ Strategic Plan USA.gov Small Business Act Site Map

Hosted by Defense Media Activity - WEB.mil
