An official website of the United States government

About PressRoom Careers History Search NSA

PRESS RELEASE VIEW

Protecting Against Cyber Threats
to Managed Service Providers
and their Customers

AippNatorel er ACSC srr a
Security Centre Canacian Centro Camo camden

Sytere Rares tor Cyteer Securty pour \a cybenmcurtie

@ CATIONS | ate

CYBERSECURITY ADVISORY

PRESS RELEASE | May 11, 2022

NSA, Partners Issue Guidance to
Secure Managed Service Providers,
Their Customers

FORT MEADE, Md. — In anticipation of increased malicious cyber
targeting of managed service providers (MSPs), NSA joined cybersecurity
authorities from the U.S., Australia, Canada, New Zealand, and the United
Kingdom to release the “

Cybersecurity Advisory.

MSPs make attractive targets for malicious actors, including nation-state
actors, because compromising an MSP network allows for access to and
compromise of the provider-customer trust relationships.

MSPs are entities that deliver, operate, or manage information and
communications technology services and functions for their customers.

“This joint guidance will help MSPs and customers engage in meaningful
discussions on the responsibilities of securing networks and data,” said
SA Cybersecurity Director Rob Joyce. “Our recommendations cover
actions such as preventing initial compromises and managing account
authentication and authorization.”

The Cybersecurity Advisory highlights best practices and mitigations for
SPs and customers. Some of the key actions include:

e Identifying and disabling accounts no longer in use

¢ Enforcing multi-factor authentication (MFA) on MSP accounts that
access the customer environment and monitoring MSP account
activity; and

e Ensuring MSP-customer contracts transparently identify ownership of
information and communications technology security roles and
responsibilities.

SA partnered with the United Kingdom's National Cyber Security Centre
NCSC-Uk), Australian Cyber Security Centre (ACSC), Canadian Centre for
Cyber Security (CCCS), New Zealand’s National Cyber Security Centre
NCSC-NZ), Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA), and
he Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) to develop this report.

To mitigate against malicious activity, the agencies recommend that

SP customers verify that contractual arrangements with their provider
include cybersecurity measures in line with their particular security
equirements.

Related Press Advisories

Related Documents

NSA.GOV CULTURE HELPFUL LINKS RESOURCES RELATED LINKS
About Core Values NSA Freedom of Information Act Classified Materiel Conversion DNI.gov

. . a: Privacy Act Requests Commercial Solutions for
Leadership Operating Authorities Y q Classified Program (CSfC) Defense.gov

Cybersecurity Collaboration Civil Liberties, Privacy, & Request a Speaker

Cent Cryptographic Support Services IC on the Record
emer Transparency Office p blication Revi
National Cryptologic Museum repunication Keview Media Destruction Guidance Intelligence.gov

Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, &

Contact NSA Accessibility Media Inquiry NSA Open Source
Frequently Asked Questions NSA Exhibit Roadshow

Accessibility General Counsel
ABA Notice NSA Inspector General

Site Policies

Privacy & Security Links Disclaimer Section508 WebPolicy Plain WritingAct DODIG NoFEARAct ImageryUse FOIA OpenGOV_ Strategic Plan USA.gov Small Business Act Site Map

Hosted by Defense Media Activity - WEB.mil
