| National Security Agency/Central security Service About PressRoom Careers History Search NSA

An official website of the United States government

PRESS RELEASE VIEW

RECOMMENDED PRACTICES GUIDE FOR

DEVELOPERS

SECURING THE SOFTWARE SUPPLY CHAIN

PRESS RELEASE | Sept. 1, 2022

NSA, CISA, ODNI Release Software
Supply Chain Guidance for
Developers

The National Security Agency (NSA), Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security
Agency (CISA), and the Office of the Director of National Intelligence (ODNI)
released today. The product
is through the Enduring Security Framework (ESF) — a public-private cross-
sector working group led by NSA and CISA that provides cybersecurity
guidance addressing high priority threats to the nation’s critical infrastructure.

The developer holds a critical responsibility to the security of our software. As
ESF examined the events that led up the SolarWinds attack, it was clear that
investment was needed in creating a set of best practices that focused on the
needs of the software developer. Securing the Software Supply Chain for
Developers was created to help developers achieve security through industry
and government-evaluated recommendations. This guidance consolidates
valuable resources already published for developers to put to use.

As the cyber threat continues to become more sophisticated, adversaries have
begun to attack the software supply chain, rather than rely on publicly known
vulnerabilities. This supply chain compromise allows malicious actors to move
throughout networks seemingly undetected. In order to counter this threat, the
cybersecurity community needs to focus on securing the software development
lifecycle.

on developing
secure code, verifying third party components, hardening the build environment,
and delivering the code. Until all DevOps are DevSecOps, the software
development lifecycle will be at risk.

Security is not just for the developer, which is why ESF will also release editions
of this guidance for the supplier and the customer of software. We all have to do
our part to secure our networks.

If you have questions or want to learn more about ESF, please contact
or

Related Press Advisories

NSA.GOV CULTURE HELPFUL LINKS RESOURCES RELATED LINKS
About Core Values NSA Freedom of Information Act Classified Materiel Conversion DNI.gov

Privacy Act Requests Commercial Solutions for Def
Classified Program (CSfC) erense.gov

Cryptographic Support Services IC on the Record

Leadership Operating Authorities

Cybersecurity Collaboration Civil Liberties, Privacy, & Request a Speaker

Center Transparency Office p blication Revi
Notional Cryptoloate Museum republication Review Media Destruction Guidance Intelligence.gov

Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, &

Contact NSA Accessibility Media Inquiry NSA Open Source

Frequently Asked Questions

Accessibility General Counsel NSA Exhibit Roadshow

ABA Notice NSA Inspector General

Site Policies

Privacy & Security Links Disclaimer Section508 WebPolicy Plain WritingAct DODIG NoFEARAct ImageryUse FOIA OpenGOV_ Strategic Plan USA.gov Small Business Act Site Map

Hosted by Defense Media Activity - WEB.mil
