© An official website of the United States government

| National Security Agency/Central security Service About PressRoom Careers History Search NSA

PRESS RELEASE VIEW

OPEN RADIO ACCESS
NETWORK SECURITY
CONSIDERATIONS °

STON TEC,
SS Lo,
% ge

PRESS RELEASE | Sept. 15, 2022

ESF Members, NSA and CISA
publish Open Radio Access
Network Security Considerations

FORT MEADE, Md. — The National Security Agency (NSA) and the
Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA), through the Enduring
Security Framework (ESF), have

Open RAN is the industry term for the evolution of traditional proprietary RAN
architecture to an open ecosystem of interoperable hardware, software, and
Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning enabled intelligent network optimization.
Shifting to an Open RAN based mobile network allows for interoperability
between different suppliers, removing the proprietary nature of traditional RAN
and reliance on a single vendor.

The ESF working panel focused on security considerations for several key
technical aspects of Open RAN: multi-vendor management, the Open Fronthaul
connecting radios to base station equipment, a new RAN application framework
comprising rApps and xApps that use Al/ML for RAN optimization, and other
general network considerations including open source software, virtualization,
and a cloud based 5G core network.

"Security considerations always emerge in new open systems aiming for
improved cost, performance, and supply chain benefits" said Jorge Laurel, ESF
Project Director. "Open RAN shares these security considerations too, and, with
continuing efforts by the Open RAN ecosystem, they can be overcome."

The working panel also addressed the associated resources required to fulfill the
vision of interoperable, multi-vendor RAN powered by cloud services and
software, which drives innovation on a global platform.

“Open RAN is an exciting concept, one that opens up several doors to
innovation, improved network performance, and a more diverse and competitive
cyber ecosystem,” said CISA Acting Assistant Director, Mona Harrington.
“However, with those benefits come the potential for additional security
concerns. As a community, we must work together to not only identify these
concerns but also develop the practices and architecture to mitigate them.”

As standards are developed and adopted by equipment manufacturers,
software developers, integrators, and mobile network operators, these security
considerations may be mitigated through the adoption of standards and industry
best practices. Some of the security considerations identified in this assessment
are not unique to Open RAN and exist in current closed RAN deployments, both
would benefit by mitigating these security considerations.

"Limited competition in the telecommunications infrastructure market can
reduce supply chain resilience and contribute to higher prices for operators and
consumers in the long run. Open, interoperable approaches to network
architecture, such as the development of Open RAN, have the potential to
increase the number of trustworthy suppliers in the market and to lower costs
and improve security," said U.S. Department of State's Bureau of Cyberspace
and Digital Policy's Director for Bilateral Affairs Mark Cullinane.

If you have questions or want to learn more about ESF, please contact

NSA Media Relations
MediaRelations@nsa.gov
443-634-0721

Related Press Advisories

NSA.GOV CULTURE HELPFUL LINKS RESOURCES RELATED LINKS
About Core Values NSA Freedom of Information Act Classified Materiel Conversion DNI.gov

. . a: Privacy Act Requests Commercial Solutions for
Leadership Operating Authorities y q Classified Program (CSfC) Defense.gov

Cybersecurity Collaboration Civil Liberties, Privacy, & Request a Speaker

Center Cryptographic Support Services IC on the Record

Transparency Office

Prepublication Review

National Cryptologic Museum Media Destruction Guidance Intelligence.gov

Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, & ;
Contact NSA Accessibility Media Inquiry NSA Open Source
Accessibility General Counsel Frequently Asked Questions NSA Exhibit Roadshow

ABA Notice NSA Inspector General

