= An official website of the United States government Here's how you know

National Security Agency/Central security Service About PressRoom Careers History Search NSA

HOME > PRESS ROOM > PRESS RELEASES & STATEMENTS > PRESS RELEASE VIEW

ESF POTENTIAL
THREATS TO 5G _
NETWORK SLICING:

PRESS RELEASE | Dec. 13, 2022

ESF Members NSA and CISA
Provide Threat Assessment, Best
Practices for 5G Network Slicing

FORT MEADE, Md. — Today, Enduring Security Framework (ESF) partners,
along with experts from the National Security Agency (NSA) and
Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA), published their
assessment of potential threats associated with 5G network slicing and
strategies to help keep this emerging tech secure.

5G is the fifth-generation technology standard for broadband cellular
networks. 5G technology can provide increased data download and
upload speeds, lower latency, and allow more devices to connect to the
internet at the same time.

etwork slicing is a 5G network architecture which allows mobile service
providers to divide their network up into several independent “slices” in
order to create specific virtual networks that cater to different clients and
use cases. Today's report specifically identifies management strategies

o ensure the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of each networ
slice.

“The Department of Defense is transitioning 5G into its enterprise. Being
able to do network slicing across the entire 5G system is a critical new
capability that 5G provides over LTE. As important, the ability to use
network slicing in a secure way is foundational if the Department is to
take advantage of the feature at all,” said Andrew Thiessen, Chief
Technologist, DOD 5G Cross Functional Team.

[he threat and security considerations discussed in this assessment are
intended for mobile service providers, hardware manufacturers, software
developers, and system integrators that design, deploy, operate, or

maintain 5G networks.

Today's release led by NSA and CISA on behalf of the ESF, a public-private
cross-sector working group, is intended to provide an informed
methodology to design, deploy, operate, and maintain secure network
slicing across private, hybrid, and public networks. This release builds
upon the work previously published in the ESF Potential Threat Vectors to
5G Infrastructure.

See the other documents in the ESF 5G series below:
e Potential Threat Vectors to 5G Infrastructure

¢ Security Guidance for 5G Cloud Infrastructures: Prevent and Detect

Lateral Movement (Part I)

¢ Security Guidance for 5G Cloud Infrastructures: Securely Isolate

Network Resources (Part II)

I)

¢ Security Guidance for 5G Cloud Infrastructures: Ensure Integrity of

Cloud Infrastructure (Part IV)

¢ Security Guidance for 5G Cloud Infrastructures: Data Protection (Part

¢ Open Radio Access Network Security Considerations

For more timely, unique and actionable cybersecurity guidance from NSA
and our partners, visit our full library.

If you have questions or want to learn more about ESF, please contact
NSAESF@cyber.nsa.gov.

NSA Media Relations
MediaRelations@nsa.gov
443-634-0721

Related Press Advisories
NSA, ODNI and CISA Release 5G Analysis Paper
NSA and CISA provide cybersecurity guidance for 5G cloud infrastructures

Enduring Security Framework Releases Part II of Security Guidance for 5G
Cloud Infrastructures

NSA and CISA publish third installment of 5G cybersecurity guidance

ESF Members, NSA and CISA publish the fourth installment of 5G
cybersecurity guidance

ESF Members, NSA and CISA publish Open Radio Access Network Security
Considerations

Related Documents
ESF: Potential Threats to 5G Network Slicing

Enduring Security Framework ESF customers guidance Critical
Infrastructure 5g 5G cellular network infrastructure

NSA.GOV CULTURE HELPFUL LINKS RESOURCES RELATED LINKS
About Core Values NSA Freedom of Information Act Classified Materiel Conversion DNI.gov

. . a: Privacy Act Requests Commercial Solutions for
Leadership Operating Authorities y q Classified Program (CSfC) Defense.gov

Cybersecurity Collaboration Civil Liberties, Privacy, & Request a Speaker

Center Cryptographic Support Services IC on the Record

\Meisioeiteinesy Ones Prepublication Review

National Cryptologic Museum Media Destruction Guidance Intelligence.gov

Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, & ;
Contact NSA Accessibility Media Inquiry NSA Open Source

Accessibility General Counsel Frequently Asked Questions NSA Exhibit Roadshow

