An official website of the United States government

About PressRoom Careers History Search NSA

7 ge» | National Cyber
Rare “yp &2°|Security Centre

| ae Communications Centre de la sécurité
Security Establishment des télécommunications

* Australian Government /- a Cc C :
$* Australian Signals Directorate NRO) Canadian Centre Centre canadien _
for Cyber Security pour la cybersécurité

Federal Office
for Information Security

ty mene CertNZ security Centre

, Risk: Principles and Approaches for
Security-by-Design and Default

hifting the Balance of Cybersecurity

CYBERSECURITY INFORMATION SHEET

PRESS RELEASE | April 13, 2023

NSA, U.S. and International Partners
Issue Guidance on Securing
Technology by Design and Default

FORT MEADE, Md. - The Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security
Agency (CISA), the National Security Agency (NSA), and the Federal
Bureau of Investigation (FBI) are partnering with international partners’
cybersecurity agencies to encourage technology manufacturers to create
products that are secure-by-design and secure-by-default.

The group of nine agencies has published the Cybersecurity Information
Sheet, “Shifting the Balance of Cybersecurity Risk: Principles and
Approaches for Security-by-Design and Default,” to raise awareness and
facilitate international conversations about key priorities, investments,
and decisions necessary to manufacture technology that is safe, secure,
and resilient.

“Insecure technology products can pose risks to individual users and our
national security,’ said NSA Cybersecurity Director Rob Joyce. “If
manufacturers consistently prioritize security during design and
development, we can reduce the number of malicious cyber intrusions
we see. The international coalition partnering on this report speaks to the
importance of this issue.”

The international coalition includes Australia’s Cyber Security Centre
ACSC), Canada’s Centre for Cyber Security (CCCS), Germany’s Federal
Office for Information Security (BSI), the UK’s National Cyber Security
Centre (NCSC-UK), Netherlands’ National Cyber Security Centre (NCSC-

L), and New Zealand’s Computer Emergency Response Team (CERT
Z) and National Cyber Security Centre (NZ NCSC).

nthe new report, the agencies highlight the importance of prioritizing
security throughout a product's lifecycle to reduce the likelihood of
security incidents. The principles ensure technology products are built
and configured in a way that protects against malicious cyber actors
gaining access to devices, data, and connected infrastructure.

NSA and its partners recommend technology manufacturers and
organization executives prioritize the implementation of secure-by-design
and default principles outlined in the report.

In addition to the recommendations listed in the report, the authoring
agencies encourage the use of the
also known as the National Institute of Standards
and Technology's (NIST) SP 800-218. The SSDF helps software
producers become more effective at finding and removing vulnerabilities
in released software, mitigate the potential impact of the exploitation of
vulnerabilities, and address the root causes of vulnerabilities to prevent
future recurrences.

NSA Media Relations

443-634-0721

Related Press Advisories

Related Documents

NSA.GOV CULTURE HELPFUL LINKS RESOURCES RELATED LINKS
About Core Values NSA Freedom of Information Act Classified Materiel Conversion DNI.gov

. . a: Privacy Act Requests Commercial Solutions for
Leadership Operating Authorities y q Classified Program (CSfC) Defense.gov

Cybersecurity Collaboration Civil Liberties, Privacy, & Request a Speaker

Center Cryptographic Support Services IC on the Record

\Meisioeiteinesy Ones Prepublication Review

National Cryptologic Museum Media Destruction Guidance Intelligence.gov

Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, & ;
Contact NSA Accessibility Media Inquiry NSA Open Source

Accessibility General Counsel Frequently Asked Questions NSA Exhibit Roadshow

ABA Notice NSA Inspector General

Site Policies

Ye
Privacy & Security Links Disclaimer Section508 WebPolicy Plain WritingAct DODIG NoFEARAct ImageryUse FOIA OpenGOV_ Strategic Plan USA.gov Small Business Act Site Map f vy rite in >)

Hosted by Defense Media Activity - WEB.mil
