& An official website of the United States government Here's how you know

; | National Security Agency/Central security Service About PressRoom Careers History Search NSA

HOME > PRESS ROOM > PRESS RELEASES & STATEMENTS > PRESS RELEASE VIEW

®
) sly Australian Government i. C Cc C
SqeS" Australian Signals Directorate aN RS)

ent ions National Cyber Rix: National Cyber
Canadian Centre Cau caine Security Centre  %2~|Security Centre
for Cyber Security pour la cybersécurité PART OF THE GCSB a part of GCHQ

People's Republic of China

State-Sponsored Cyber
Actor Living Off the Land

PRESS RELEASE | May 24, 2023

NSA and Partners Identify China
State-Sponsored Cyber Actor Using
Built-in Network Tools When
Targeting U.S. Critical Infrastructure
Sectors

The National Security Agency (NSA) and partners have identified
indicators of compromise (IOCs) associated with a People’s Republic of
China (PRC) state-sponsored cyber actor using living off the land
techniques to target networks across U.S. critical infrastructure.

“Cyber actors find it easier and more effective to use capabilities already
built into critical infrastructure environments. A PRC state-sponsored
actor is living off the land, using built-in network tools to evade our
defenses and leaving no trace behind,” said Rob Joyce, NSA
Cybersecurity Director. “That makes it imperative for us to work together
to find and remove the actor from our critical networks.”

£,

To assist network defenders to hunt and detect this type of PRC actor
malicious activity on their systems, NSA is leading U.S. and Five Eyes
partner agencies in publicly releasing the “People’s Republic of China
State-Sponsored Cyber Actor Living off the Land to Evade Detection”
Cybersecurity Advisory (CSA) today. The partner agencies include:

- U.S. Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA)
- U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI)

- Australian Cyber Security Centre (ACSC)

* Canadian Centre for Cyber Security (CCCS
ew Zealand National Cyber Security Centre (NCSC-NZ)

* United Kingdom National Cyber Security Centre (NCSC-Uk)

“For years, China has conducted operations worldwide to steal
intellectual property and sensitive data from critical infrastructure
organizations around the globe,” said Jen Easterly, CISA Director. “Today's
advisory, put out in conjunction with our US and international partners,
reflects how China is using highly sophisticated means to target our
nation’s critical infrastructure. This joint advisory will give network
defenders more insights into how to detect and mitigate this malicious
activity. At the same time, we must recognize the agility and capability of
PRC cyber actors, and continue to focus on strong cybersecurity
practices like network segmentation and ongoing investments in
promoting the resilience of critical functions under all conditions. As our
nation’s cyber defense agency, CISA stands ready to aid any organization
affected and we encourage all organizations to visit our webpage for
guidance and resources to make their networks more resilient.”

“The FBI continues to warn against China engaging in malicious activity
with the intent to target critical infrastructure organizations and use
identified techniques to mask their detection,” said Bryan Vorndran, the
Bl's Cyber Division Assistant Director. “We, along with our federal and
international partners, will not allow the PRC to continue to use these
unacceptable tactics. The FBI strives to share information with our
private sector partners and the public to ensure they can better protect
hemselves from this targeted malicious activity.”

n

“It is vital that operators of critical national infrastructure take action to
prevent attackers hiding on their systems, as described in this joint
advisory with our international partners,” said Paul Chichester, NCSC
irector of Operations. “We strongly encourage UK essential service

oviders to follow our guidance to help detect this malicious activity and
event persistent compromise.”

To UO

“The Canadian Centre for Cyber Security joins its international partners in
sharing this newly identified threat and accompanying mitigation
measures with critical infrastructure sectors,” said Sami Khoury, Head of
he Canadian Centre for Cyber Security. “The interconnected nature of our
infrastructures and economies highlights the importance of working
ogether with our allies to identify and share real-time threat information.”

The CSA provides an overview of hunting guidance and associated best
practices. It includes examples of the actor’s commands and detection
signatures. The authoring agencies also includes a summary of
indicators of compromise (IOC) values, such as unique command-line
strings, hashes, file paths, exploitation of CVE-2021-40539 and CVE-
2021-27860 vulnerabilities, and file names commonly used by this actor.

As one of their primary tactics, techniques, and procedures (TTP) of living
off the land, the PRC actor uses tools already installed or built into a
target's system. This allows the actor to evade detection by blending in
with normal Windows systems and network activities, avoiding endpoint
detection and response (EDR) products, and limiting the amount of
activity that is captured in default logging configurations.

NSA recommends network defenders apply the detection and hunting
guidance in the CSA, such as logging and monitoring of command line
execution and WMI events, as well as ensuring log integrity by using a
hardened centralized logging server, preferably on a segmented network.

Defenders should also monitor logs for Event ID 1102, which is generated
when the audit log is cleared.

The behavioral indicators noted in the CSA can also be legitimate system
administration commands that appear in benign activity. Defenders must
evaluate matches to determine the significance, applying their knowledge
of the system and baseline behavior.

Read the full report here.
